JD-1
Modelers are responsible for helping to make a film more dynamic, adding personality and emotion to its characters, and building on the overall realism of the story (even if done so stylistically). 

Not only must a model look good, it must be highly functional and have the ability to work with downstream departments and their tools. This could be as simple as optimizing geo so it doesn’t make an artist’s scene heavy but can become much more complex depending on how it’s used. For example, modelers often have to work with the FX department to ensure models are made in a suitable way to be manipulated, such as building destruction where all components need to be water-tight (i.e. no holes or gaps between the modular pieces that make up the complete model).

Role & responsibilities of a 3D modeler in the film industry:

Producing high-quality organic and hard surface CG models in line with brief and/or reference material 
Interpret abstract ideas into the creation of compelling photo-real or stylized 3D assets
Presenting work in a turntable style environment with acceptable lighting for progress reviews and approval (including scale reference)
Ensuring consistency of UV mapping and polygonal subdivisions 
Facilitate the creation of high-quality photo-real texture maps
Create “hold out” geo, or Match-Move geo, which is not necessarily seen in the final render but are used by downstream departments, such as Lighting and FX, to be able to generate more realistic outcomes.

JD-2
Understand situations to identify complexities and visualize for transfer of information into the 3D database
Decide on appropriate tools, softwares and applications required for Modelling
Update 3D mapping database using various tools as per defined processes
Work on 2D projects to digitize 2D mapping database as per business need
Perform quality checks on data input to test validity of data with the assistance of experienced Modelers
Captures Designer’s intent utilizing sketches, scans, product definitions and various inputs from R&D and engineering teams
Produces high quality final 3D data for performance products with consideration to fit, function, quality and testing requirements
Ensures tooling, manufacturing and assembly are other inputs are considered while capturing the designers concept
Works in close collaboration with creative designers, directors, CAD modelers, design engineering and R&D
Produces multiple iterations and rapid prototypes, while maintaining project deadlines

JD-3
Leads team of 3D Modelers and provides technical and artistic guidance in the design and development of complex 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications for our clients
Manages workflow/traffic for department projects and oversees reporting tools/mechanisms
Uses various types of graphics software, technical and artistic skills to develop and produce accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for quality work and determines schedule for work assignments
Develops and maintains visual standards for 3D models
Leads, develops and produces accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications
Determines style, technique, and medium best suited to produce desired effects and conform to production requirements, or follows specific instructions regarding these variables
Follows assigned projects through from client meeting to design and production
Assists and advises customers on the use of production techniques
Trains others in using software applications
Provides work leadership and direction to less experienced 3D Modelers

JD-4
Formulates concept and renders illustration and detail from photos, models, CAD drawings, blueprints, sketches, memory, written or verbal instructions, and imagination
Interacts with customers to determine needs and follows assigned projects through from client meeting to design and production
Ensures quality work and determines schedule for work assignments
May collaborate with project teams to plan, analyze, organize and execute assigned projects
Supports the complex software engineering or visual database development programs of SE CORE through the creation of 3D models, surfaces, and /or skins n a digital frame
Modelers also create character skeletons, which animators then control
Uses various types of graphics software, technical and artistic skills to develop and produce accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications for our clients
Utilizes advanced 3D modeling, texturing, animation, lighting, and rigging skills for high-end virtual environments
Ability to model and texture 3D elements efficiently for both low and high poly applications
Keeps abreast of current trends and technologies in graphics design and modeling software

JD-5
Closely follow art and design concepts and respond well to change
Integrate environment art assets into the game
Support the Art Team in maintaining overall vision for the game
Create 3D models of systems to support design initiatives by working with Engineering and Data Capture Teams
Work with other modellers, CAD Specialists and Designers to build/manage model databases, templates and standard procedures
Perform quality checks on modelling efforts of others to ensure tools to support upstream engineering or downstream project management
Under general supervision, uses various types of graphics software, technical and artistic skills to develop and produce accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications for our clients
Interacts with customers to determine needs and ensures satisfaction with the delivered product
Develops and produces accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications
Uses a variety of software applications to create, update or maintain technical 3D models, lifeforms, animations, and special effects

JD-6
Key Skills
Product Modeling,3D Animation,3D Modeling,Fine Arts
Visual Communication,Visual Arts,Blender,Maya,Substance Painter,Photoshop3Ds 

JD-7
Faculty / Sr. Faculty - 3D Modeling / Texturing / Lighting Faculty / Sr. Faculty - 3D Modeling / Texturing / Lighting Chennai / Bangalore / Hyderabad / Kerala A minimum of 0 - 5 years of experience teaching Experience (or) Industrial Experience Skills and Specifications
Having experience as a 3D Modeling/ Texturing / Lighting
Good knowledge in texturing, uv unwrapping and 3D modeling in MAYA
Familiarity with 3D Maya (Character Modeling / texturing / Lighting), Photoshop, preferred.
Having good communication in English
Interested candidates can mail their resumes along with their blog link / You tube Link

JD-8
-Create high-quality exterior views of real estate projects using 3D Studio Max/Sketchup/Blender with AutoCad.
- Scene setups by following mood boards and applying textures and lighting to scenes before taking out final renders/animation.

Required Candidate profile
3D Diploma/ Degree.
Understanding of color theory, material handling, & proportions.
You are apt at creating residential, commercial, and retail exteriors/interiors.
Knowledge of Photoshop and AutoCad
3D Modeler
Sketchup,3D Model,Blender,AutoCAD ,3D,3D Modeling,3Ds Max

JD-9
3D Modeler/ 3D Artist
Software Known : 3DsMax , Photoshop
Experience : 0-3 years
Qualification : Any degree/ certification in Animation
- Have to model and texture objects using 3DS Max and Photoshop.
- Model and Texture Object like vehicles, props, people, building, etc
- Accurately model and texture objects based on real life photo references
- Knowledge of 3DsMax Software is must.

JD-10
Experience : 0-3 years
Software Known : 3DsMax ,Photoshop
Qualification : Any degree/ certification in Animation
-Have to model and texture objects using 3DS Max and Photoshop.
-Model and Texture Object like vehicles, props, people, building,etc
-Accurately model and texture objects based on real life photo references
-Knowledge of 3DsMax Software is must.

JD-11
We are looking for 3D Visualizer / Animator with 2 - 8 years of experience in 3D modeling ,Lighting, Texturing, walkthroughs, post production etc
Software knowledge - 3DS Max with Vray, Photoshop,After effects.

JD-12
Roles and Responsibilities
❖ Modelling skills in Zbrush/ Autodesk Maya. Ability to create excellent neat and clean low poly 3D models in real-world size and with a proper snapping of vertex, logical naming, grouping, and excellent topology in Autodesk Maya, Zbrush.
❖ Cleaning up the mesh and texture of raw 3D scans using Zbrush/ Mudbox.
❖ Retopology of the clean 3D scans.
❖ Create High and Mid poly 3d models: Ability to create the LOD (Level of detail) of the same model as per prescribed poly budget.
❖ Follow design references and work in a range of styles: Must have an eye to capture the details from the provided references, and create the 3d models accordingly. Create alternate visual styles in accordance with the client’s vision and needs.
Software Needed: Modelling/Sculpting - Autodesk Maya/MAX/Zbrush.
Experience required : 1 + years experience in 3D Product Modeling

JD-13
Job description
Roles and Responsibilities
Candidate would be responsible for designing 3D images for ongoing projects and 3D interior-exterior, Modeling, Architectural work.
Must have proficiency in related tools
Also, experience in producing Exhibitions booth stall models.
Temporary travel to Europe and permanent option can be discussed.

JD-14
We are looking for a 3D artist who is highly driven, self-directed, and passionate to join our team in Ranchi, India. The ideal applicant will be well-versed in 3D, with a solid background in 3D modelling, lighting, UV wrapping, rendering, and the ability to create photo-realistic assets of real-world things. This role necessitates inherent design skills, digital competence, and keen attention to detail.
Key Responsibilities
The candidate will create model, paint 3D assets and materials for use in web-based, real-time applications
Maintain consistently high standards for accuracy, aesthetics, and productivity
Continuously improve workflows and processes
Basic Qualifications
Must demonstrate an understanding of technical art production and end-to-end modeling, UV unwrapping, texturing, and rendering
Fast turnaround on both hard-surface and organic modeling is a must
Must be very well versed in 3D domain and its related Software. Preferably MAYA, Zbrush, and Substance Painter.

JD-15
Key Skills Proficiency in the use of 3D Modelling tools including Unity Unreal Autodesk Maya Max Blender 3D Lighting and UV Unwrapping Substance Suite Photoshop
Qualification Any Graduation
Salary (Per Annum) 5 to 9 Laks
Work Experience 1- 3 Years
Job Requirement
Proficiency in the use of 3D Modelling tools including Unity Unreal Autodesk Maya Max Blender 3D Lighting and UV Unwrapping Substance Suite Photoshop

JD-16
andidate Profile / Skills required:
Excellent knowledge on Maya Modeling, Photoshop, UV layout & Lighting, Rigging and Animation
Must possess excellent oral communication skills and presentation skills
Should have a flair for teaching
Excellent subject knowledge
Role Description:
Handling classroom sessions
Monitoring & improving performance
Solving queries
Developing content
Experience:
Candidate should have work experience of 2+ years in a production studio and 2+ years as faculty with a well-established training academy.

JD-17
Job Description:

We Are seeking a skilled and creative 3D Modeling, Interior Design, and Texturing Artist to join our team. As a part of our team, you will be responsible for creating high-quality 3D models, interior designs, and textures for various projects.
Responsibilities:
Create detailed and realistic 3D models of objects, environments, and architectural spaces based on project requirements.
Develop interior design concepts and layouts for residential, commercial, and institutional spaces.
Apply textures, materials, and lighting to enhance the realism and visual appeal of 3D models and interior designs.
Collaborate with project managers, architects, and designers to understand project goals and requirements.
Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute innovative ideas for improving visual quality and workflow efficiency.
Ensure that all deliverables meet project deadlines and quality standards.
Stay updated with industry trends, software tools, and techniques related to 3D modeling, interior design, and texturing.
Qualifications:
Minimum 12th
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in 3D modeling, interior design or related field. Will be preferred.
Proven 3 years experience and proficiency in 3D modeling software such as Autodesk Maya, Blender, 3ds Max, etc.
Strong understanding of interior design principles, color theory, and spatial planning.
Excellent texturing skills using software like Substance Painter, Adobe Photoshop, etc.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and communicate effectively with stakeholders.
Portfolio showcasing previous work in 3D modeling, interior design, and texturing is required.

JD-18
2+ years of industry experience
Experienced with 3D modeling programs such as Blender & Unity creative and technical abilities
Knowledge of PBR texture workflow
Ability to take projects from concept to final product
Good communication skills and the ability to work well in a team environment
Ability to mentor and guide more junior resources
Strong attention to detail and prioritization
Strong understanding of low-poly modeling and texturing
Experience with using Substance Painter
Experience with sculpting tools such as ZBrush or Mudbox
Experience with Vray
Experience with real-time engines like Unity or Unreal

JD-19
Create visually stunning and realistic 3D models, textures, and animations for various projects, including video games, films, architectural visualizations, and product renderings.
Utilize industry-standard software such as 3ds Max, Maya, ZBrush, Substance Painter, and Marvellous Designer to design and sculpt 3D assets.
Collaborate with the art team and other departments to conceptualize and bring ideas to life, ensuring alignment with project requirements and artistic vision.
Texture and UV map 3D models, ensuring they are optimized for real-time rendering engines and maintaining a high level of detail.
Rig and animate characters, objects, and environments, breathing life into static assets.
Work with different lighting techniques to create compelling visual compositions and ambiance for scenes.
Employ KeyShot for high-quality rendering and presentation of 3D assets.
Edit and enhance textures and images using software like Photoshop and Illustrator, ensuring the highest level of visual fidelity.
Create and integrate VFX elements into 3D scenes, enhancing the overall quality and realism of the final output.
Perform basic video editing and post-production using Premiere Pro, integrating 3D elements into videos and ensuring a cohesive end product.
Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends, tools, and techniques, continuously improving skills and applying them to projects.
Adhere to project deadlines and maintain a high level of attention to detail throughout all stages of production.

JD-20
Responsibilities:

Design, model, integrate, and animate 3D assets, characters, and props for AR experiences.
Provide creative ideas for AR-related projects as well as innovative ways of implementing new technologies.
Work within guidelines to create optimized AR experiences.
Continuously develop skills to remain at the state-of-the-art in AR technology.
Collaborate with other engineers, designers, user researchers, and team members to push the boundaries of immersive storytelling.
Assist in onboarding and mentoring team members.
Key Qualifications:

Experience designing, building, and shipping content with 5+ years of experience.
Proficiency with 3D modeling and asset creation packages such as Maya, ZBrush, Blender, etc., for both mobile and high-end specifications.
Real-time 3D asset development, rendering, simulation, physics, and effects.
Experience with one or more game engines (e.g., Unreal, Unity) and production pipelines.
Outstanding portfolio demonstrating high-end renders of 3D assets.
Strong understanding of composition, visual storytelling, trends, and best practices.
Collaborative mindset.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in the game or film industry.
Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite, including After Effects, Photoshop, Illustrator.
Knowledge of digital marketing and social media trends.

JD-21
Responsibilities
Create high-quality characters, graphics, effects, and animations in 3D
Compile references, visual and technical style guides
Implement concept artworks and creative ideas
Work closely with the Art Director, Animators and the Design Team
Create a variety of models from photo and scanned reference.
Required Skills:
Minimum 2-5 years work experience as a 3D artist in a gaming studio preferably.
Experienced in 3D Character Modeling, Texturing with a fair knowledge of Lighting
Good understanding of 3Ds Max, Maya, Zbrush, Substance Painter, Photoshop and other
softwares
Good communication skills and drive to build world class art
Friendly, helpful, and collaborative in a team based environment.

JD-22
Keywords: Modeling, unwrapping, texturing, autodesk maya, 3d maya, 3dsmax

Software skills

Autodesk Maya, 3DSMAX
Photoshop
Substance painter, Blender (would be a plus)

Job Description & Responsibilities and Duties

Work with script writer to understand the story lines and actions and settings
necessary to implement the plot.
Create character models from scratch which will respond to technical and aesthetic standards for the project
Create texture maps (Diffuse, Normal, Specular, AO)
Conceptualise and create high-quality environment and props for scene development as per project needs
Suggest/Setup workflows and pipelines for asset creation
Identify and optimize bottlenecks and automation possibilities
Maintain a good team dynamics
Ability to efficiently multitask on various projects
To cooperate with production staff to deliver work in deadlines
To be a problem solver and be organized as per checklist generated per project.
To coordinate with different teams to give the finished product.
To attend project team meetings.

Required Experience and Qualifications

Artistic and creative sense
Good understanding of human anatomy
Experience in Organic/Inorganic Sculpting and modeling
Preferred candidates with prior experience in Character modeling & texturing
Graduate degree/Diploma in 3D animation, Education with BFA (Bachelor of Fine Arts) preferred
Minimum 1 year working experience as Modeling /Texturing Artist.
Good to have
Other skills like rigging, knowledge of lighting, or rendering

JD-23

Role Mission:

Support clients in the EdTech space by creating captivating and interactive 3D models for an education app.
Collaborate closely with the development team to ensure visually pleasing and effective learning experiences.
Deliverables:

Design and create high-quality 3D models, textures, and animations optimized for real-time rendering in Unity.
Collaborate with the development team to understand project requirements and translate them into visually engaging 3D assets.
Iterate on designs based on stakeholder feedback to align with project goals and user experience objectives.
Optimize 3D models for performance on the Apple Vision Pro platform while maintaining visual fidelity.
Stay updated on industry trends and best practices in 3D modeling, animation, and game development for continuous improvement.
Assist in troubleshooting and resolving technical issues related to 3D assets during development and testing phases.
Work closely with team members to ensure cohesive integration of 3D assets into the application.
About You:

Proven experience as a 3D Modeler with a strong portfolio showcasing high-quality 3D models and animations.
Proficiency in Unity and Swift development environments, with experience integrating 3D assets into mobile applications.
Familiarity with Apple's ARKit framework and Swift programming language.
Experience with version control systems such as Git.
Proficiency in texturing and shading techniques, including UV mapping and material creation.
Solid understanding of rigging and animation principles for dynamic character animations.
Familiarity with agile development methodologies.

JD-24
3D Designer/3D Modeler

Strong 3D Modeling skills.
Experience in 3D Assets Design and Development.
Highly talented and creative with solid skills in texturing and lighting.
Must have strong and proven experience in creating exceptional and high-quality 3D models for Games and XR projects.
Must have experience with 3D Maya/ 3ds Max, and Adobe Photoshop, Substance Painter.
Production of 3D conceptual renderings/ possibly short animations, realistic 3D fly-through animations and rendered stills.
After Effects animation, motion graphics and compositing experience.

JD-25
Proficiency in 3D modeling software like Maya, 3ds Max, or Blender.
Capable of producing high-quality 3D models for various media such as video games and films.
Strong grasp of anatomy, form, and proportion.
Experience in texturing and UV mapping.
Knowledgeable about rigging and animation principles.
Ability to collaborate effectively with other artists and designers.
Strong problem-solving skills, especially in troubleshooting technical issues.
Attention to detail and commitment to meeting project deadlines.
Familiarity with game engines like Unity or Unreal Engine.
Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies and techniques.

JD-26

Experience : 2-3 Years

Roles and Responsibilities:
• Candidate should be well versed with the following software (3ds Max, Maya, Photoshop, CorelDraw, ZBrush and Blender)
• Have a basic knowledge of Unity3d/ Unreal Engine (AR/VR/MR) must.
• Good experience in product modeling, character modeling, unwrapping, texturing, rigging and character animation.
• Can animate creatures, props, vehicles, weapons, objects, machines, etc.
• Can create models with images and details given by clients.
• Recreating real-world environments and layouts.
• Work with Artists, Designers and Teammates to develop life-like products and character animations.
• Should be able to create 3D assets for his assigned project.
• With the knowledge of various formats and related software to produce animation for AR/VR.
• Should have knowledge of various useful plug-ins/ scripts for creating particle and fluid effects.
• Should have good knowledge of Lighting and Rendering.
• Should be able to adapt to tight timelines and deadlines if needed.
• Have a good skill of Low Poly and High Poly modeling.
• Basic Knowledge of Substance Painter preferred.
• Specialized experience in Walkthrough and animation may be an added advantage
• Work with Lead Animators to develop the look and feel of a realistic environment.

JD-27
Skills Required:
• Camera movements, cinematic trail and root motion animation using Unity Animation, Blender, Unreal Engine and/or Cinema4d.
• The artist should have good knowledge of shaders used in Blender and/or Unity.
• He/She should be familiar with PBR workflow.
• In-depth knowledge of blender node/graph editor.
• Substance Painter, Mari, Adobe Photoshop or similar software knowledge is a must for texturing.
• Familiarity with the particle system and VFX in Blender is a plus.
• Experience with rigging/skinning is a plus
• 3D Model rendering is a plus.
• Tools: Blender, Unity, Unreal, Cinema4D, 3DSMax, Maya.

What you get:
• Pioneering R&D projects with decision-making authority.
• Passionate, curious and motivated colleagues.
• Task-driven rather than time-driven environment.
• Coaching, mentoring & upskilling.
• Opportunity to shape the Metaverse!

JD-28
Software Skills:

Proficiency in Autodesk Maya and 3DSMAX.
Knowledge of Photoshop.
Familiarity with Substance Painter and Blender (a plus).
Job Description & Responsibilities:

Collaborate with script writers to understand storyline and scene requirements.
Create character models adhering to technical and aesthetic standards.
Generate texture maps (Diffuse, Normal, Specular, AO).
Conceptualize and craft high-quality environments and props.
Propose and establish workflows and pipelines for asset creation.
Identify and optimize production bottlenecks, seek automation possibilities.
Maintain positive team dynamics and multitask efficiently.
Cooperate with production staff to meet project deadlines.
Solve problems and maintain organization using project checklists.
Coordinate with various teams for project delivery.
Attend project team meetings.
Required Experience and Qualifications:

Artistic and creative flair.
Strong grasp of human anatomy.
Experience in both organic and inorganic sculpting and modeling.
Preference for candidates experienced in character modeling and texturing.
Minimum 1 year of experience as a Modeling/Texturing Artist.
Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) or equivalent education preferred.
Good to Have:

Additional skills in rigging, lighting, or rendering.

JD-29
3D Designer/3D Modeler
• Strong 3D Modeling skills.
• Experience in 3D Assets Design and Development.
• Highly talented and creative with solid skills in texturing and lighting.
• Must have strong and proven experience in creating exceptional and high-quality 3D models for Games and XR projects.
• Must have experience with 3D Maya/ 3ds Max, and Adobe Photoshop, Substance Painter.
• Production of 3D conceptual renderings/ possibly short animations, realistic 3D fly-through animations and rendered stills.
• After Effects animation, motion graphics and compositing experience.

JD-30
Candidate should have minimum 2-3 yrs experience.

This is "Work from Office" position for our Ahmedabad office.

Applicant must have below qualities:
• Minimum 2-3 yrs experience in Revit MEP,
• Good hands on software like Revit, AutoCAD and Navis
• BIMTrack, Revitzo, Sketchup and other 3D software knowledge would be an advantage.
• Advanced PC Skills - i.e. MS Applications
• Strong Interpersonal skill, team player
• Technical problem solving abilities
• Leadership skill & enjoying working with fast paced environment

JOB Responsibility
• Study BEP for project implementations.
• Take care of Electrical Modelling part inclusive of Cable tray, Lighting, Small power & Schematics.
• Coordinate electrical services with other discipline such as Mechanical, Plumbing, Fire, Architecture and Structure through Navisworks, Revizto and Revit Interference.
• Export, federate, perform clash detection and provide visual walkthroughs of models
• Review, monitor and report on the development of clash interference and fully coordinated models
• Create shop drawing (IFC, As Built and Trimble) of Electrical Services up to LOD 500.
• Prepare models and reports for value engineering and constructability analysis

JD-31.
Job Summary:
We are seeking a talented and creative 3D Modelling and AutoCAD Designer to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a passion for creating visually appealing and technically accurate 3D models and AutoCAD designs. As a 3D Modelling and AutoCAD Designer, you will be responsible for producing high-quality designs for a variety of projects, including architectural, mechanical, and product design. Your attention to detail and ability to transform conceptual ideas into detailed models and drawings will be crucial to the success of our projects.
Responsibilities:

Collaborate with architects, engineers, and design teams to understand project requirements and specifications.
Create 3D models and renderings using industry-standard software, such as Autodesk 3ds Max, Blender, or similar tools.
Develop detailed AutoCAD drawings based on project requirements, including floor plans, elevations, sections, and construction details.
Ensure accuracy and precision in all design work, paying close attention to dimensions, scale, and technical specifications.
Optimize models and drawings for efficiency and compatibility with various software platforms.
Provide input and suggestions for design improvements and innovative solutions.
Stay updated on the latest trends and advancements in 3D modelling and AutoCAD technologies.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure the seamless integration of 3D models and AutoCAD designs with other project components.
Conduct quality checks to verify the accuracy and integrity of 3D models and AutoCAD drawings.
Assist in the creation of visual presentations and graphics to effectively communicate design concepts and proposals.

Requirements:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Industrial Design, Architecture, Engineering, or a related field.
Proven experience in 3D modelling and AutoCAD design, with a strong portfolio showcasing your previous work.
Proficiency in industry-standard 3D modelling software, such as Autodesk 3ds Max, Maya, SketchUp, or similar tools.
Expertise in AutoCAD software and proficiency in creating 2D and 3D drawings.
Strong knowledge of drafting standards and practices.
Familiarity with architectural and engineering principles.
Excellent attention to detail and the ability to translate conceptual ideas into precise models and drawings.
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to work independently as well as in a team environment.
Effective communication skills to collaborate with cross-functional teams and present design ideas.
Ability to manage multiple projects and meet deadlines in a fast-paced environment.


Preferred Qualifications:

Experience with BIM (Building Information Modelling) software, such as Autodesk Revit.
Knowledge of parametric modelling and experience with software like SolidWorks or Fusion 360.
Familiarity with virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) technologies in relation to 3D modelling and visualization.



JD-32.
3D Modeler Needed for Detailed, Movable Fitness Machine in Blender

I am seeking a highly skilled 3D modeler with expertise in Blender to create a detailed, fully functional 3D model of a fitness machine. This project requires a blend of technical precision and creative design to achieve a realistic, interactive model.

Key Responsibilities:
1. Design a 3D model of a fitness machine, composed of multiple distinct parts.
2. Each component must be modeled separately to allow for both digital assembly and disassembly, mimicking real-life interaction.
3. The model should be capable of folding and unfolding. All parts must connect and move cohesively once assembled in the 3D environment.
4. Prepare the model for 3D printing, ensuring that each component can be printed separately and assembled physically.

Project Deliverables:
1. A fully assembled 3D model in Blender, with all individual parts modeled separately.
2. Files suitable for 3D printing each component.
3. A short video demonstration or interactive file showing the assembly, disassembly, and movement of the fitness machine.

Application Requirements:
To apply, please send your portfolio of relevant 3D modeling work, especially projects involving complex assemblies and mechanical movements. Include a brief description of your approach to this project and any initial thoughts on tackling the challenges outlined above.


JD-33.
Gender Preference Any
Number Of Vacancy 10
Industry Area IT services
Key Skills Proficiency in the use of 3D Modelling tools including Unity Unreal Autodesk Maya Max Blender 3D Lighting and UV Unwrapping Substance Suite Photoshop
Qualification Any Graduation
Salary (Per Annum) 5 to 9 Laks
Work Experience 1- 3 Years
Job Requirement
Proficiency in the use of 3D Modelling tools including Unity Unreal Autodesk Maya Max Blender 3D Lighting and UV Unwrapping Substance Suite Photoshop


JD-34.
Full job description
Description:

Proficiency in 3D modeling software (Solid Edge only)
Create high-quality 3D models and assets for various projects using industry-standard software.
Collaborate with the design and development teams to bring concepts to life in a visually appealing and technically accurate manner.
Strong understanding of design principles and attention to detail.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.


JD-35.
Job Description:

We are seeking a talented and experienced 3D Product Modeler to join our team in Delhi. As a 3D Product Modeler, you will be responsible for creating high-quality, detailed 3D models of various products using software tools such as Maya, 3ds Max, and ZBrush. The ideal candidate will have a strong portfolio showcasing their expertise in product modeling and a minimum of 2-4 years of corporate experience in the field.

Responsibilities:

Create accurate and detailed 3D models of products based on provided specifications and reference materials.
Collaborate with designers, artists, and other stakeholders to ensure that the 3D models meet project requirements and standards.
Optimize 3D models for performance and efficiency in real-time rendering applications.
Maintain consistency and quality across all 3D models produced.
Stay updated on industry trends and advancements in 3D modeling techniques and tools.
Troubleshoot and problem-solve issues related to 3D modeling and rendering.
Meet project deadlines while maintaining high-quality standards.
Communicate effectively with team members and project leads to ensure smooth workflow and project success.
Requirements:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in Computer Animation, 3D Modeling, or related field.
2-4 years of experience in corporate environments working as a 3D Modeler.
Proficiency in industry-standard software tools including Maya, 3ds Max, and ZBrush.
Strong portfolio demonstrating a range of 3D modeling skills, with a focus on product modeling.
Excellent understanding of anatomy, form, proportion, and scale.
Knowledge of texturing, shading, and lighting techniques for 3D models.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and independently when necessary.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Attention to detail and commitment to delivering high-quality work.
Experience with real-time rendering engines (e.g., Unity, Unreal Engine) is a plus.


JD-36.
Meisterverse Pvt Ltd is looking for 3D Modeler on contract basis

Location- Thrikkakara, Kochi

Job type- On Contract

Duration: 3 months

Stipend - Rs.5000/-

Qualification- Degree/Diploma in the respective field

Experience- 6 months

JD:

you will have the opportunity to learn from experienced professionals, and develop your skills in 3D design and related fields.

Throughout your internship, you will be expected to maintain a positive attitude, be receptive to feedback, and work collaboratively with your colleagues.

Experience certificate will be issued upon successful completion of internship.

Job Type: Contract

Work Location: In person


JD-37.
Role & Responsibilities

Create accurate and extremely good quality 3D models from architectural drawings.
To read and understand architectural drawings and make accurate, low poly and error free 3d Models
Must have experience in renderings of both exterior and interior environments
Autocad clean drawings and make them ready for import to 3D Max.
Work on multiple projects with changing requirements, updated client requests, and tight deadlines .
Capable of modeling projects with minimum sketches & supervision.
Qualification

Any bachelor's degree
Expert in 3Ds Max modeling techniques
Strong working experience of 3Ds Max and Vray (or any other rendering software).
Highly skilled in low poly architectural modelling techniques. (Preferred)
Ambitious individual with a desire to excel.
Work closely as a team player within the modeling team.
Excellent eye for detail & creative thinking.
Ability to work on multiple projects.
Stay updated with latest software trends in market.
Must have knowledge of architectural terminology and products.
Candidate applying for senior modeler position should have experience in reading & understanding complicated architectural drawings like contoured site plans and ability to model the same.


JD-38.
Are you a passionate 3D artist with a flair for bringing imagination to life? We're on the lookout for a talented 3D Modeler to join our creative powerhouse. If you're ready to sculpt immersive worlds and breathe life into digital experiences, this role is your canvas for boundless creativity!

About Us:
[Your Company Name] is a trailblazing [industry/type] company dedicated to pushing the boundaries of creativity. We believe in the transformative power of immersive 3D experiences to captivate audiences and inspire wonder.

Position: 3D Modeler

Responsibilities:

Create high-quality 3D models, textures, and animations for various digital projects.
Collaborate with artists, designers, and developers to bring concepts to life.
Ensure consistency and quality across all 3D assets.
Stay updated on industry trends, tools, and techniques.
Participate in brainstorming sessions and provide creative input.
Adapt to project requirements and timelines with flexibility and agility.
Requirements:

Proven experience as a 3D Modeler or similar role.
Proficiency in 3D modeling software such as Maya, Blender, or 3ds Max.
Strong understanding of anatomy, form, and composition.
Ability to create both organic and hard-surface models.
Excellent attention to detail and problem-solving skills.
Portfolio showcasing a range of 3D projects and styles.



JD-39.
At stigerev, we design and develop reverse trike vehicles its not a car or scooter its a commercial vehicle candidate should have dedication and focus on commercial vehicles

and innovative ideas and unique ways of modeling and following designers' inputs

Job role

Styling

Digital modeling/ Digital Sculpting - (CAS, Class A surfacing )

- Candidate should be a graduate or postgraduate in either of the professional courses- BE / B Tech /B design in -Industrial Design or Product Design or Automotive Design / M Design or MA in Industrial Design or Product Design or Automotive Design.

Ideally candidate should have 0to 1 years of CAS experience well versed with Digital design software ALIAS/ V-Red with good sense of aesthetic & Design Awareness.
-Work contents involves - CAS Modelling Class A Surfacing Parametric Modelling Scan to surface Digital Visualization

He or she should be Conversant with understanding design intention and reading sketches and creating 3D models in Alias. / Presentation in V red
Work experience in any OEM and two wheeler can be an added advantage.
follow lead designers' inputs in modeling ( very important ) Aspect



JD-40
. JOB DESCRIPTION

Strong expertise with 3Ds Max with at least 1 years of experience.
Solid understanding of low poly and high poly modelling.
Experience with Car Modelling.
Good general knowledge in art (perspective, volume, lighting).
Expertise in key frames animation.
A portfolio showcasing your work and strong design skills.


JD-41
3D Modeler 
We are currently seeking a talented 3D Visualizer/Modeler. The ideal candidate must possess an excellent skill in producing high-quality still images in architectural industry. We welcome candidates with minimum 2 years of experience and also fresher with an aptitude of visualizing fine details and dedication to bring it into the work, with proficiency in 3D Max, Corona and Adobe Photoshop.


JD-42.
We are hiring for 3D MODELER in Interior department for architecture and real estate projects.

Now we are taking the next step in growing. Black Ink Studio. would be happy to have you in part of our growth story.

Qualifications
Who you are

- You enjoy creating outstanding Interior Models - architectural interior modeling and furniture modeling.
- You have advanced knowledge of 3ds Max, Vray (Corona)
- You have an eye for Architectural Modeling of real estate projects.
- You have basic knowledge of Autocad.


JD-43
. Description
Primary job is to create 3D images and video walk through of company’s projects.
Key Skills:
3DS Max, Visualization, Adobe Photoshop, Architecture, Design, Interior Design, 3DAnimation, Architecture and Interior Design, 3D Max, 3D Rendering, 3D Modelling, Lumion
Responsibilities and Duties
Responsibilities of a 3D Designer are as follows but not limited to:
Candidate should have knowledge of 3ds max & Adobe Photoshop for creating compelling presentation visuals for our real estate projects.
Graphics and Art background is an added advantage
Specialized experience in Walk through and animation may be an added responsibility.
Candidate will work on creating sitemaps, beautiful project layouts of the architecture projects of the company.


JD-44
Job Description:

Using 3D modeling, texture, mapping, and other techniques to create graphics, visual effects, and animations.
3D model necessary models,
Sculp and architect necessary assets
Integrate with blockchain and meta
Collaborating with Animators and other artists and attending meetings to discuss ongoing projects.
Understanding the project requirements and conceptualizing creative ideas.
Creating storyboards to visualize scenes and create a realistic environment for movies, games, and other visual effects.
Receiving feedback from directors, animators, designers, and clients, and editing your creations based on the comments received.
Reviewing 3D arts and recommending improvements.
Creating 3D sculpts and assets to meet artistic standards.
Troubleshooting any problems that arise during work on a project.
Meeting with clients, Designers, and Directors to discuss and review projects and deadlines.


JD-45
Roles and Responsibilities:
3D Modeling is the creation of a virtual world in which everything must be visualized and created from pure imagination. The 3D Modeler brings an imagined universe and the characters that inhabit to life. Everything within frame has scope, weight and meaning. Animators need to be able to visualize new worlds into being.
The responsibilities of a 3D Modeler may include:

Liaising with 3D Modelers and Concept Artists regarding the requirements of the project
Work from concept art to create characters, objects, layouts, backgrounds, etc.
Amend artwork as per the instructions from designers and developers
Adapt to software upgrades and stay up to date with new technologies
Manage files, asset libraries and update procedures documentation
Understanding of form, shape, language and color
Knowledge of anatomy – proportions, muscle and skeletal structures
Use 3D Modeling, texturing, mapping, and other techniques
Able to give a beautiful look in the final output
Must be well versed with industry standard 3D modeling programs and tools


JD-46
Experience : 0-3 years

Software Known : 3DsMax ,Photoshop

Qualification : Any degree/ certification in Animation

Have to model and texture objects using 3DS Max and Photoshop.
Model and Texture Object like vehicles, props, people, building,etc
Accurately model and texture objects based on real life photo references
Knowledge of 3DsMax Software is must.


JD-47.
No. of Positions: 1
Location: Sector 140, Noida
Job Description:
1. Expert in 3D modelling in all parametric forms.
2. Strong hands-on rendering skills.
3. Strong eye on Architectural Details so able to implement the aesthetics in modelling with proper authenticity.
4. Able to Visualize the standard 3D models with presentation to show the working Details and Structure.
5. Able to check the feasibility of materials used in modelling in terms of color, shade, texture, size, and shape.
6. Strong hands on interior visualization and materials.
7. Should be familiar with the themes of interior to make the quality renders.
8. Should be able to make the high-end render of Cottages and Log-houses with proper Detailing.
9. Should be able to make the modular furniture and wooden details for log houses

Relevant Qualification:
Bachelor’s in engineering, Architecture, or any equivalent technical degree in Construction Management/Infrastructure Management/Architecture/Interior Designing.
Experience: 1 to 3 years
Essential skills:
1. Should have excellent modelling and rendering skills.
2. Should be well versed with understanding architectural and working drawings.
3. Must be proficient with software – Google Sketchup, 3DS Max, V-ray, Lumion, Autocad .


JD-48.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Description We are looking for 3D Modeler Maya with at least 2 years of experience, preferably from Automotive sector, with knowledge of all aspects of polygonal modeling, in particular for create three-dimensional models (geometry based on vertices, edges and faces). The candidate must have proven ability to use Maya to develop 3D models and 3D content for the industry Automotive. Main tasks Work on 3D data for the conceptual phases of automotive polygons (vertices, edges and faces); Creation of 3D models and 3D content for fast models, presentations, animated effects and interactive videos in the automotive field; Support a young and motivated team with an excellent understanding of 3D modeling and find the right balance between timing and quality at the right time; Be able to provide within certain deadlines a high quality of polygonal modeling without lose the spirit of the design given; Support the surface development process by keeping management informed of progress, problems and resolutions; Being able to work as part of a team, follow orders, but also bring ideas and solutions own. Skills Knowledge of the polygonal modeling process; Understand the reverse engineering process and build new solid models from the scan data; 2 years minimum experience in 3D modeling with Maya. Contract type Indeterminate time with salary commensurate with real skills / experiences; VAT number/Freelance/Self Employed (nice to have) with hourly wages to be agreed based on the real skills / experiences.


JD-49.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Good with rigging models, animation, texturing, lighting, blender, Maya. Ability to create low poly models as per specification. Specialized in vehicles / Automobile part modeling and texturing. Designing and creating digital art assets for assigned aspects of games. Good knowledge of designing and handy with latest trends thats going across for designing. Solving complex designs by developing and implementation 3D solutions for developers. Produced realistic textures with Adobe Photoshop and Z-brush. Collaborative Approach: You will be given a chance to work on Global Projects You will be a part of core team that has ability and skill to address any problem statement and provide best solution. Team Work attitude. Ability to accept criticism and takes proper action when needed. Committed to the workflow. Person should be a creative thinker, resourceful problem solver, and thrives while working with a cross-functional team. Analytical thinking, attention to detail, team leadership, problem solving, innovative thinking, mentoring. Developing Experience both aesthetically and functionally pleasing. Exceptional analytical, quantitative, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills Sense of responsibility & ownership of given tasks Understanding the problem statement and brain storming the solution. Understanding new environment and software as and when required. Qualification : Diploma in 3D Animations, graduate from any field. Knowledge of Unity 3D software will be added advantages. More Information INR Month Experience 0 - 2 Years Qualification Graduation


JD-50.
JOB DESCRIPTION
Job Duties Develop high quality and cutting-edge 3D art. Optimize 3D arts for creating realistic environment. Create 3D models from photos and real-world objects. Understand the project requirements and develop high quality 3D models accordingly. Key Requirements Knowledge of 3D design approaches A high level competency in 3D Studio Max and Photoshop Expert understanding of low poly modelling concepts for real-time Knowledge of real-time graphic engine


JD-51.
Create detailed 3D models of architectural structures and interiors, including buildings, landscapes, and interior spaces.
Strong knowledge of 3D modelling in Autodesk 3dsmax is required.
Proficient in AutoCAD & understanding of CAD plans.
The candidate must be proficient in 3D Modelling from 2D Architectural drawings such as Floor, elevation & section plans.
Experience in asset generation, modelling, UV mapping, and Texturing.
Must be proficient in using V-Ray or Corona.
Model various 3D products for product & architecture visualization, including furniture, lighting, and other household items.
Work closely with our team of designers and architects to ensure that all models meet project requirements and specifications.
All selected candidates for our company are required to sign a 2-year bond paper and confidentiality Document before the start of the job.
Considered as an advantage for 3D Modeller:

Basic Knowledge/Experience in Autodesk Maya is a plus.
Basic Knowledge/Experience in Rhino & Sketchup is a plus.


JD-52.
Responsibilities: 3-7 years of experience with performing 3D CAD parametric modeling using CAD software (Autodesk Inventor; Solidworks; Catia; and Pro-E.

) Experience with CAD data management processes Experience with Navy ship topside design standards, including antenna numbering standards Requirements: 3 years of experience with performing 3D CAD parametric modeling using CAD software (Autodesk Inventor or Solidworks) Experience with CAD data management processes Experience with Navy ship topside design standards, including antenna numbering standards Education: HS Diploma or GED.


JD-53.
industry-standard 3D modeling programs and tools. Good spatial skills and a well honed sense of color and design will help you succeed in this job.
• Create and manage digital assets
• Interpret concept art and sketches to create virtual pixar quality cartoon characters, environment and props
• Follow design guidelines, asset naming conventions and other technical constraints
• Prototype and iterate on models and characters based on feedback from team members
• Create textures and UV maps
• Optimize, refine and correct model geometry
• Rig models and characters for animation
• Work with artists, animators and programmers to execute projects on time


JD-54.
We are seeking a talented and creative 3D Modeler to join our dynamic team The ideal candidate will be responsible for creating detailed 3D models of characters, objects, environments, and props, ensuring they meet project specifications and artistic requirements You will leverage advanced 3D modeling software to sculpt and design 3D assets that enhance our visual storytelling across various projects Responsibilities and Duties Create detailed 3D models using Autodesk Maya, Blender, ZBrush, or similar 3D modeling software, adhering to project specifications and artistic standards. Utilize texture mapping, shading, and other techniques to produce graphics, visual effects, and animations that bring our projects to life. Collaborate with animators, designers, and other artists, participating actively in meetings to discuss and align on ongoing projects. Understand project requirements thoroughly and conceptualize creative ideas to meet these needs. Develop storyboards to visualize scenes and create realistic environments for movies, games, and other visual applications. Receive and incorporate feedback from directors, animators, designers, and clients to refine and improve 3D creations. Review 3D art, suggest, and implement recommended improvements to enhance visual output. Troubleshoot any issues that arise during project work, ensuring timely and effective resolutions. Engage with clients, designers, and directors to discuss project requirements, revisions, and deadlines, ensuring clear communication and satisfaction. Selection Criteria: Bachelor s degree in Computer Graphics, Animation, Game Design, or a related field, or equivalent work experience. Proficiency in 3D modeling and sculpting software such as Autodesk Maya, Blender, ZBrush, or similar tools. Strong understanding of texturing, shading, material properties, UV mapping, and unwrapping techniques. Knowledge of 3D asset optimization techniques for real-time applications. Exceptional attention to detail with the ability to produce visually appealing and technically efficient 3D models. Excellent problem-solving skills and adaptability to meet project-specific requirements. Outstanding communication and teamwork skills, with a portfolio showcasing a diverse range of 3D models and assets. Skills Required: A strong portfolio that demonstrates a wide range of 3D modeling skills, including characters, environments, and props. Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical team members. Passion for creativity and innovation, with a commitment to delivering high-quality visual content. Self-motivated, with a proactive approach to learning new technologies and software to stay ahead in the field of 3D modeling and animation.

JD-55.
• *Roles and Responsibility**:
- Collaborate with other designers, engineers, architects and clients to convert information into a layout designs and drawings using Revit, Navisworks and AutoCAD
- Modeling is performed using a variety of programs such as Maya, 3DS Max, Pixar's RenderMan, POV-Ray, and many others
- Manages all 3D content creation projects (reverse engineering, ground-up modeling, 3D sculpting) for the product virtualization initiative
- Creates and prepares 3D data for prototyping and tooling
- Manages digital contents library (lasts, tooling, footwear, materials, components)
- Works with Visualization team to achieve the best visual representation of 3D assets
- Works with Merchandising, Design and Marketing to create and publish innovative 3D content and presentation material
- Manages all 3D content creation projects for the product virtualization initiative
- Creates still and animated renders


JD-56.
• *What You'll Do**:
- Develop and create a variety of 3D models, including characters, environments, props, and more (depending on project needs)
- Optimize models for real-time rendering and performance within Unreal Engine or Unity
- Collaborate closely with designers and programmers to ensure models meet technical specifications and artistic vision
- Utilize your knowledge of 3D modeling principles to ensure accuracy, efficiency, and adherence to best practices
- Stay up-to-date on the latest trends and technologies in 3D modeling and game development software
• *What You Bring**:
- Proven experience working in Unreal Engine or Unity (a plus!)
- A strong portfolio showcasing your technical skills and artistic ability
- Excellent communication, collaboration, and problem-solving skills
- A passion for gaming/interactive experiences (delete as applicable) and a keen eye for detail
- The ability to work independently while also thriving in a collaborative team environment


JD-57.
Responsibilities
• Research and come up with ideas for new concepts along with the team
• Sketch and mock up product concept
• Build realistic 3D model based on the concept drawings that can be 3D printed and made into moulds
• Detail out manufacturing manual with colours and material selections
• Pursue a high quality of both aesthetics and visual storytelling.
• Proactively seek feedback from Leads and Creative Directors.
• Proactively keep Leads and Creative Directors informed of progress and developments.
• Participate in R&D, problem solving artistic solutions to technical problems.
• Work with flair while maintaining the restraints of the medium.
• Actively pursue knowledge of the medium – what works, what doesn’t, and what we can do about it.

Skills
• Excellent 3D art creation skills.
• All-around artistic expertise and flair.
• The technical ability to grasp new programs and systems quickly.
• An interest in learning to understand and work within the restraints of the medium.
• Ability to work with a high degree of self-direction and motivation.
• Comfortable working in a team setting, under deadlines and time constraints.
• Good skills in Zbrush or Blender (Digital Sculpting)
• Rendering skills in Keyshot or similar
• Strong communication and time management skills.
• Able to prioritise and multi-task.
• Creative nature with strong problem-solving skills.


JD-58.
Roles & Responsibilities:
Utilize industry-leading 3D modeling software to create detailed and realistic 3D models.
Collaborate with the project team to understand project requirements and translate them into visually appealing designs.
Ensure that all models and assets meet the project's technical specifications and quality standards.
Get acquainted with various modeling standards/LODs for building and complex modelling.
Apply textures and materials to 3D models to enhance their visual appeal and realism.
Work closely with texture artists and shader developers to create and implement high-quality textures and materials.
Conduct thorough quality checks on all 3D models and assets to ensure they meet the project requirements and specifications.
Collaborate with the QA team to address any issues or improvements identified during the review process.
Work closely with the project team, including art directors, animators, and other stakeholders, to ensure seamless. integration of 3D models into the project pipeline.
Communicate effectively with team members to understand project goals, provide updates on progress, and address any challenges or concerns.
Reporting to the Project Manager / Associate Manager / Project Coordinator Team Leader.
Stay updated on industry trends, tools, and techniques related to 3D modeling and computer graphics.
Actively seek opportunities to expand your skills and knowledge through training, workshops, and self-study.
Study Basic data (Footprints, CAD files, Photographs etc.) assigned by concern senior thoroughly.

Desired Skill Set:
Minimum 1-2 years experiences as 3D Modeler with a strong portfolio showcasing your skills
and creativity.
Good visual and general computer skills
Proficiency in industry-standard 3D modeling software such as Autodesk Maya, 3ds Max, or Blender.
Solid understanding of anatomy, form, composition, and colour theory.
Excellent problem-solving skills and the ability to adapt to project requirements and constraints
Demonstrated experience with computer image or video processing is an asset.
Ability to manage multiple projects and prioritize tasks to meet deadlines
Strong team player and multitasker\


JD-59
Job description

We are seeking a product designer to join our rapidly expanding team, specializing in proprietary architectural educational scale models. Your proficiency in product design and strategic design thinking will play a crucial role in realizing our growth objectives.

Applicants must showcase a keen interest in model making, a strong work ethic, and a dedication to professional excellence. Precision and attention to detail are mandatory in all aspects of work. We are searching for individuals thrilled to join the only company in the country positioned to become the next big terrain makers.

Requirement: Post available only for 3D Modelers / 3D Artists / Product Designers /Architects


JD-60
As a Full-Time 3D Modeler at Deckor, you'll be responsible for creating high-quality 3D models and assets for a variety of projects, including architectural visualization, product design, and animation. You'll work closely with our team of talented artists and designers to transform innovative concepts into stunning 3D realities, maintaining the highest standards of quality and creativity.

Key Responsibilities:

- Create and refine 3D models and assets for diverse projects, ensuring accuracy and visual appeal.

- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to interpret and incorporate artistic and technical feedback into your work.

- Utilize industry-standard software such as Blender, ZBrush, Substance Painter and Adobe Creative Suite to produce exceptional 3D content.

- Contribute to texturing, lighting, and rendering processes to produce realistic and visually striking scenes.

- Continuously refine and develop 3D modeling and texturing techniques.

- Participate in team meetings share ideas, and work collaboratively to deliver exceptional results.

Qualifications:

- A degree in Computer Animation, Computer Graphics, Visual Effects, or a related field.

- A strong passion for 3D modeling and CGI, demonstrated through an extensive portfolio showcasing your creative abilities.

- Proficiency in 3D modeling software, including Blender.

- In-depth understanding of texturing, lighting, and rendering techniques.

- Effective communication and teamwork skills.

- A proactive and adaptable mindset, with strong problem-solving abilities.

- A commitment to continuous learning and professional growth in the field of 3D modeling


JD-61.
Role Description

This is a full-time on-site role for a 3D Space Modeller. You will be responsible for creating and designing 3D space using software such as 3D Max, V Ray, Acad working along with highly creative Design team.

Qualification
Proficiency in software such as 3D Max, Acad, Photoshop, Cirel Draw etc.
Knowledge of lighting techniques and principles
Strong attention to detail and ability to create realistic and visually appealing 3D models
Experience in the design and retail industry is a plus


JD-62
Role & Responsibilities:

- Create precise and high-quality 3D models based on architectural drawings, ensuring accuracy and attention to detail.

- Interpret and comprehend architectural drawings to develop error-free, low-poly 3D models for both exterior and interior environments.

- Proficiently render architectural designs using 3Ds Max and Vray, or similar rendering software, maintaining a high standard of quality.

- Prepare AutoCAD drawings for seamless integration into 3Ds Max, ensuring clean and efficient workflows.

- Manage multiple projects simultaneously, adapting to changing requirements, client updates, and strict deadlines.

- Demonstrate autonomy in modeling tasks, capable of executing projects with minimal supervision and sketches.

- Coordinate with clients to understand their requirements and incorporate feedback into the modeling process.

Qualifications:

- Bachelor's degree in any relevant field.

- Expertise in 3Ds Max modeling techniques, with a strong command of the software and Vray or equivalent rendering tools.

- Profound understanding and application of low-poly architectural modeling techniques, preferred.

- Demonstrated ambition and a drive for excellence in architectural modeling.

- Collaborative mindset, able to function effectively within a team environment.

- Exceptional attention to detail and a flair for creative problem-solving.

- Ability to manage multiple projects concurrently while maintaining quality and meeting deadlines.

- Stay updated with the latest software trends and advancements in the architectural modeling industry.

- Knowledge of architectural terminology, products, and industry standards.

- For senior modeler position: Extensive experience in interpreting complex architectural drawings, including contoured site plans, and translating them into accurate 3D models.


JD-63
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
• Understanding Brand Identity and tonality of existing clients and working with their guidelines
• Brainstorming with creative and client servicing teams on solutions for brands
• Create 3D visualization using 3D software and Photoshop, AutoCAD drafting, 3D Modeling, Utilize industry standard Software tools such as major utilization of Software Blender, Maya, Cinema 4D to create realistic 3D assets.
• Ensure that all 3D assets adhere to technical specifications, file optimization standards and projects deadlines
• Software skills: Adobe CC (Photoshop, Illustrator, In Design, After Effects, Premiere Pro/Final Cut Pro, Color Correcting, etc.)
• Collaborate with the creative team to conceptualize and execute innovation design concepts that meet client requirements

EDUCATION QUALIFICATION

Bachelor’s / Masters Degree or equivalent experience in 3D Design ,animation or related field Desired Skills:

● High proficiency in Blender ,AutoCAD, as well as rendering packages like 3DS Max or Maya, Cinema 4D

● Software skills: Adobe CC (Photoshop, Illustrator, In Design, After Effects, Premiere Pro/Final Cut Pro, Color Correcting, etc.


JD-64
Role Description

This is a full-time on-site role located in South East Delhi for a 3D Modeler for product design at Unsung India Foundation. As a 3D Modeler, you will be responsible for creating high-quality 3D Modeler for various products. You will collaborate with a team of artists and designers to bring objects, and environments to life. Your work will contribute to the overall visual storytelling and enhance the overall visual experience.

Qualifications
• Proficiency in 3D Modeling software
• Strong understanding of animation principles and techniques
• Knowledge of lighting, shading, and rendering
• Excellent attention to detail
• Portfolio demonstrating 3D Modeling skills
• Degree in 3D Modeling


JD-65
Key Skills:

3DS Max, Visualization, Adobe Photoshop, Architecture, Design, Interior Design, 3DAnimation, Architecture and Interior Design, 3D Max, 3D Rendering, 3D Modelling, Lumion

Responsibilities and Duties

Responsibilities of a 3D Designer are as follows but not limited to:
• Candidate should have knowledge of 3ds max & Adobe Photoshop for creating compelling presentation visuals for our real estate projects.
• Graphics and Art background is an added advantage
• Specialized experience in Walk through and animation may be an added responsibility.
• Candidate will work on creating sitemaps, beautiful project layouts of the architecture projects of the company.


JD-66
Primary Responsibilities:
• Contribute 3D modeling to a project in a team or individual environment.
• Perform research on the intranet and internet for information required to accurately create a technical 3d model. Research is a main component of the position.
• Liaise with subject matter experts (SME) to obtain information as to how a part functions.
• Maintain departmental modeling standards.
• Perform archiving of models for the department. This includes working with files from others.
• Provide weekly progress report updates for assigned workload.

Qualifications:
• Computer Graphic artist, 3D generalist
• Experience in Unity or other gaming engine including Character Animation, Rigging, Modeling and CAD
• Experience working in Architecture, Interior Design and Graphics Production
• Ability to understand American design and aesthetic


• Prepared Asset Data register as per Client requirement.
• Prepare As Built drawings & Package submission for final approval

