RoadMap for IOS :- https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:1400/format:webp/1*k2IqLBj64trA7LQvonGJ8A.jpeg

JOB DESCRIPTIONS COLLECTIONS
--------------------------------------------
JD-1  
LINK- https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-apple-ios-application-development-application-developer-accenture-solutions-pvt-ltd-bengaluru-5-to-7-years-110424904101?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=1&px=1 

Project Role: Application Developer
Project Role Description:
    Design, build, and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements.
Must-have skills:
    - Apple iOS Application Development
Good-to-have skills:
    - N/A 
Minimum 5 year(s) of experience is required.
Educational Qualification:
    - 15 years of formal education required
Key Responsibilities:
    1. Design and build applications for iOS and OS X
    2. Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
    3. Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features
    4. Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs
    5. Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization
    6. Add other responsibilities here that are relevant
Skills Proficiency Technical Experience:
    1. Swift language must, Proficient in Swift, with a good knowledge of its ecosystems
    2. Solid understanding of object-oriented programming
    3. Experience with Cocoa APIs on OS X Good knowledge of performance limits and characteristics
    4. Knowledge of memory management and multi-threading
    5. Experience with embedded databases and other system data stores
    6. Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect to back-end services.
Professional Attributes:
    1. Communication Skill
    2. Presentation Skill
    3. Leadership quality
--------------------------------------------
    JD-2
    LINK- https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-paytm-remote-2-to-6-years-170424500594?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=2&px=1

    Job Title: iOS Software Engineer

Job Description:
    We are seeking a skilled iOS Software Engineer to join our team. As an iOS Software Engineer, you will play a key role in designing and developing innovative mobile applications for the iOS platform. You will work closely with our development team to deliver high-quality software solutions that meet our clients' needs and exceed their expectations.

Responsibilities:
    - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.
    - Develop high-quality software design and architecture for iOS applications.
    - Work on bug fixing and improving application performance.
    - Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency.
    - Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code.
    - Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application.
    - Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs.
    - Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation.
    - Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members.
    - Stay up-to-date with the latest iOS development trends and best practices.

Requirements:
    - Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
    - Proven experience as an iOS Software Engineer with a minimum of [2-6] years of experience.
    - Proficient in Swift and/or Objective-C programming languages.
    - Strong understanding of iOS SDK, different versions of iOS, and how to deal with different screen sizes.
    - Experience with Xcode and other development tools.
    - Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services.
    - Strong understanding of iOS UI design principles, patterns, and best practices.
    - Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning.
    - Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git.
    - Excellent problem-solving skills.
    - Ability to work independently and as part of a team.
    - Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

Preferred Qualifications:
    - Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field.
    - Published one or more iOS applications on the App Store.
    - Experience with cross-platform mobile development frameworks (e.g., React Native, Xamarin).
    - Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications.
    - Knowledge of software testing methodologies and frameworks.
    - Experience with Agile methodologies.
    - Contributions to open-source iOS projects.
--------------------------------------------
    JD-3
    LINK-https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-senior-ios-developer-invisia-bengaluru-4-to-8-years-120424003931?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=6&px=1

    Job Title: iOS Developer
Location: Bengaluru, KA 560043
Employment Type: Full-time

Job Description:
    We are currently hiring an iOS Developer to join our engineering team to develop dynamic mobile applications. In this role, you will collaborate with other team members to deliver functional & user-friendly mobile applications within established timelines.

Responsibilities:
    - Design and build advanced app features for the iOS platform
    - Supporting the entire application lifecycle from concept to design, testing, release, and support
    - Work closely with product management & UX to execute an idea from concept to delivery using excellent software design, coding, & processes
    - Troubleshooting and bug fixes for applications, to ensure that codes are clean and secure
    - Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency

Qualification:
    - At least 4+ years of experience working as an iOS mobile Developer or related areas
    - Experience working in the Travel, Tourism, or Hospitality domain is highly preferred
    - Familiarity with mobile product and design lifecycles
    - Proven experience in iOS development in either Objective-C / Swift
    - Experience with iOS frameworks (E.g., Core Data, Core Animation, etc.) and experience with developing tools such as Xcode
    - Experience with third-party libraries and APIs
    - Good understanding of the iOS release cycle and familiarity with CI/CD platform and pipelines
    - Proficient understanding of code versioning tools (e.g., Git)
    - Familiarity with various testing tools

Education Qualification:
    - Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related subject
    - Master's Degree is preferred
--------------------------------------------
    JD-4
    LINK:- https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-xceltec-ahmedabad-gujarat-1-to-3-years-170424904944?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=7&px=1

    Job Description:
    - Create innovative applications for the iPhone/iPad
    - Develop quality code for the iOS platform using cutting-edge techniques, tools, and utilities
    - Work closely with others to identify and develop feature-sets
    - Research and innovate ways to leverage the different fundamentals through mobile technology
    - Lead individual projects from a technical perspective, from conceptualization to launch.
    - Own the technical implementation of the project and help to guide decisions on technical strategy, architecture, tools, and utilities
    - Analyze, design, and develop complex applications for iPhone
    - Ensure functional and technical design meets product and business requirements
    - Work as a team player to drive successful delivery of projects
    - Complete assigned projects in a timely manner, within project resources.
    - Translate feature requirements into sound, creative software designs

Role: Mobile / App Developer
Industry Type: Hardware & Networking
Department: Engineering - Software & QA
Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Role Category: Software Development
--------------------------------------------
JD-5
LINK- https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-iappstack-solutions-ahmedabad-1-to-5-years-170424501963?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=8&px=1

Experience developing native mobile applications using Xcode IDE and Git for version control.
Experience in programming with Objective-C and/or Swift.
Turn feedback into custom solutions for client needs
Expertise with one or more development applications for mobile apps (Android Studio, XCode).
Experience in working across security applications understands the iOS security.
Be highly organized with the ability to work independently in a fast paced team environment.
Self-motivated with initiative to reach challenging targets.
Great interpersonal skill.
Positivity, focus and a winning mentality allied with kindness.
Author technical documentation.
Work independently with multiple customers to develop in a rapid application development environment.
Collaborate with web designers and back-end designers to complete projects.
Optimize apps/sites to improve performance and efficiency.
Passion for mobile development and strong knowledge with iOS.
Strong knowledge of oops, Testing and monitoring components.
Creative thinking to spot new development and think out of the box to resolve queries.
Ability to work in a team in a transparent and entrepreneurial culture.
Exceptional attention to detail.
Readiness to work in shifts as per business needs.
Curiosity, energy, creativity, and bravery.
--------------------------------------------
JD-6
LINK :- https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-duplex-technologies-new-delhi-lucknow-1-to-3-years-170424501459?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=9&px=1

Job description
Design and develop innovative and user-friendly iOS applications using Swift and Objective-C programming languages.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including designers and product managers, to translate client requirements into functional and intuitive app designs.
Write clean, efficient, and maintainable code following best practices and coding standards.
Conduct code reviews, provide feedback, and mentor junior developers to ensure high-quality code and adherence to coding standards.
Perform unit testing, debugging, and troubleshooting to identify and fix issues and ensure optimal app performance.
Stay updated on the latest iOS development trends, technologies, and best practices, and proactively implement new features and enhancements.
Optimize app performance, user experience, and security to deliver high-quality apps that meet client expectations.
Collaborate with QA engineers to ensure thorough testing and quality assurance of iOS applications before deployment.
Job Description :
Requirements for iOS developers jobs in Lucknow:
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field.
Proven experience as an iOS Developer, with a strong portfolio of iOS applications developed and deployed to the App Store.
Proficiency in Swift and Objective-C programming languages, with a deep understanding of iOS app development concepts and frameworks.
Experience with iOS SDK, Xcode, Interface Builder, and other development tools and technologies.
Strong problem-solving skills and the ability to think creatively to develop innovative solutions.
Excellent communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to work effectively in a team environment.
Detail-oriented and organized, with the ability to manage multiple projects and deadlines simultaneously.
Experience with RESTful APIs, third-party libraries, and version control systems (e.g., Git) is a plus.
--------------------------------------------
JD-7
LINK :- https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-netfolks-consulting-new-delhi-2-to-5-years-170424501066?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=10&px=1

Job description
As an iOS Developer the candidate is supposed to have experience in the following skill sets to carry out the development functions on a daily basis:
Strong knowledge and hands-on development experience in Native iOS Mobile app development using Swift (5.x & above) & Objective C is a must with the latest features.
Strong understanding of Algorithms and Data structures.
Knowledge of iOS SDK, Xcode & iOS-related tools for debugging/troubleshooting.
Good understanding of Native app iOS design theme & guidelines for smartphone/tablets.
Strong on experience on Storyboards, AutoLayout, Size Classes.
Hands-on development experience in calling web services (RESTful / SOAP / GraphQL) & basic client-server architecture understanding.
Expert in any one of the modern MVVM/MVC/VIPER Proficient in Designing Application Architecture as per requirements.
Experience on automated unit testing framework g. XCTest, etc and UI Test cases (Accessibility Ids).
Proven experience of working in fully Agile teams/environment.
--------------------------------------------
JD-8
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-edwisely-hyderabad-1-to-3-years-160424500607?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=12&px=1

Job Description:
    We are looking for an iOS developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications.

Responsibilities:
    - Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform
    - Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features
    - Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability
    - Work on bug fixing and improving application performance
    - Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency

Requirements and Skills:
    - Proven working experience in software development
    - Working experience in iOS development and have published one or more iOS apps in the app store
    - A deep familiarity with Appium
    - Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics, and Core Text
    - Experience with third-party libraries and APIs
    - Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies
    - Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle
--------------------------------------------
JD-9
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-excellent-openings-for-ios-developer-mumbai-onsite-position-ascra-technologies-mumbai-3-to-7-years-160424005225?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=13&px=1

Job Profile: iOS Developer

Requirement:
Design, build and maintain apps for iOS devices as an iOS programmer
Work with designers and clients to translate the company vision into the form of an iOS application
Adhere to the brief and implement global quality standards, while creating an Apple application
Work across different devices, be it iPhones, iPads or Macs
Improve usability of the app by fixing bugs and glitches as an iOS app developer
Ensure smooth integration of backend services through superior design and on-the-spot problem solving

Responsibility:
Define the iOS app features, keeping in mind the scope of work of the iOS developer job profile
Continually work towards identifying potential issues and fixing them on the iOS device
Full involvement in the complete lifecycle of the iOS development stage, from design, testing, fixing and beyond
Work towards maintaining the quality, usability and responsiveness of the application
Adapt to the fast-paced innovation in the iOS development world
--------------------------------------------
JD-10
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-kezan-india-gurugram-5-to-10-years-170424010025?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=14&px=1

Requirements:
• 5+ years of proven experience in iOS development.
• Proficient in Swift and familiar with its ecosystems.
• Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle.
• Experience with MVVM and Clean Architecture.
• Experience with TDD (Test Driven Development).
• Familiarity with Agile methodologies and experience working in an Agile environment.
• Experience with Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery (CI/CD).
• Experience with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services.
• Strong knowledge of AutoLayout and UIKit.
• Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git.
• Experience with project management and bug tracking tools such as Jira and Azure DevOps.
--------------------------------------------
JD-11
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-senior-ios-developer-sparx-it-solutions-pvt-ltd-noida-4-to-9-years-150424004405?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=15&px=1

We are looking for a Senior / iOS Developer who will be responsible for the development and maintenance of applications aimed at a range of iOS devices including mobile phones and tablet computers. Your primary focus will be the development of iOS applications and their integration with back-end services. 


KEY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Design and build applications for the iOS platform
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Collaborate with a team to define, design, and ship new features
Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs
Help maintain code quality, organization, and automatization

KEY SKILLS:

Bachelor's degree in computer science or any other related degree.
4+ years of experience as an IOS Developer
Proficient with Objective-C, Swift, and X code
Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services
Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards
Knowledge of low-level C-based libraries is preferred
Good time-management skills
Great interpersonal and communication skills
--------------------------------------------
JD-12
LINKS- https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-hiring-for-jr-ios-developer-sr-ios-developer-pranathi-software-services-hyderabad-1-to-4-years-110424005689?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=16&px=1

Hiring Forn Jr.IOS Developer & Sr IOS Developer

Work Mode: Work From Office

Work Location: Hyderabad

Salary package: Negotiable

Experience : Jr -1+Year , Sr. 3-4Years


iOS Developer JD:

Knowledge of iOS SDK and Xcode.
Experience with Swift and Objective-C.
Proficient with Unit and integration tests.
Knowledge of Architecture patterns like MVC, MVVM,VIPER etc.
Experience leading small teams of developers.
Experience in Version Control tools like Github,BitBucket etc.
Experience with iOS frameworks (such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc.) and iOS libraries (such as Alamofire, AFNetworking, etc.).
Understanding of Apple's design principles and interface guidelines.
Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools such as Instruments.
Experience with RESTful APIs and JSON to connect iOS applications to back-end services.
Hands on experience developing production-ready iOS apps.
--------------------------------------------
JD-13
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-senior-ios-developer-xamarin-4bell-technology-hyderabad-chennai-bengaluru-6-to-11-years-100424904952?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=18&px=1

5+ Years experience in iOS Mobile Application development.
A developer with a background in coding mobile app using current technologies for iOS+ Xamarin (with Realm / Atlas experience).
Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform.
Integrate and implement Atlas technology into iOS applications would be a plus
Utilize Realm database within iOS applications.
Knowledge in MongoDB would be a plus.
Experience in back-end technologies like Java/C# would be a plus

--------------------------------------------
JD-14
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-hiring-for-ios-developers-pune-leinex-consulting-pune-7-to-11-years-110424004275?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=19&px=1

We are looking 7+ years talented iOS Developer to design, build, and maintain the next generation of iOS applications. Primary focus will be developing high-end iOS applications for the latest Apple mobile devices. He/She will be working along-side other engineers and developers working on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and creating quality products is essential. An outstanding iOS Developer should be able to create functional, attractive applications that perfectly meet the needs of the user.


Roles and Responsibilities

Designing and building mobile applications for Apples iOS platform.
Maintaining the code and atomization of the application.
Work in a fast-paced environment, work independently for delivering complete features for the end user.
Work with REST APIs and services.
Translate designs and wireframes into high quality code
Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application
Work closely with other team members in guiding software architecture and technology decisions.
Mentor, document, and share knowledge, growing the technical capability of the team around you.
Follow software engineering best practices in code, architecture, and testing.

Qualification:

Experience of around 7+ years with Objective-C and Swift in IOS development, and ability to pick up new languages and tools quickly.
Experience in developing Customer facing app (B2C) is a must.
Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning
Knowledge of Apples design principals and application interface guidelines.
Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical requirements.
Ability to work well with others, learn on the job, and thrive in a dynamic work environment.
A focus on user-oriented development, supporting services, and end-user satisfaction.
Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Familiarity with Continuous Integration/Continuous Delivery/Continuous Deployment testing, tooling, and processes.
Experience with push notifications, APIs and cloud messaging
Experience with performance and memory tuning using different tools.
Bachelors degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent work experience.

JD-15
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-app-developer-pts-consulting-services-pune-2-to-3-years-030424006474?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577&xp=20&px=1

Role & responsibilities :

We are seeking a skilled iOS App Developer with 2-3 years of experience to join DIGITYS team. As an iOS App Developer, you will be responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of high-quality mobile applications for iOS devices. The ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of iOS development technologies and frameworks, along with a passion for creating intuitive and user-friendly experiences.



Preferred candidate profile:

•2-3 years of professional experience in iOS app development.

• Proficient in Swift and/or Objective-C.

• Experience with iOS frameworks such as UIKit, Core Data, and Core Animation.

• Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to backend services.

• Solid understanding of the full mobile development lifecycle.

• Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.

• Excellent communication and teamwork skills.

•Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and meet tight deadlines.


Responsibilities: "

• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.

• Develop, test, and deploy high-quality iOS applications.

• Optimize performance for maximum speed and scalability.

• Implement clean, maintainable, and reusable code.

• Troubleshoot and debug applications to resolve performance issues.

• Stay up-to-date with the latest iOS development trends and technologies.

• Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency.

JD-16
LINKS - https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-ios-developer-gosharp-technology-and-consulting-p-ltd-bengaluru-2-to-3-years-150424001874?src=seo_srp&sid=17134177255515577_1&xp=2&px=2

We are looking to hire a talented iOS Developer to design, build, and
maintain the next generation of iOS applications. Your primary focus will
be developing high-end iOS applications for the latest Apple mobile
devices. Your duties may include collaborating with the design team for
new application features, identifying and fixing application bottlenecks,
maintaining the core code, and updating applications published on the
App Store.
To ensure success as an iOS Developer, you should have a strong
working or trained knowledge of iOS Frameworks, be proficient in
Objective-C, and be able to work as part of a team. Ultimately, an
outstanding iOS Developer should be able to create functional, attractive
applications that perfectly meet the needs of the user.
Responsibilities
• Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship
new features.
• Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and
general reliability.
• Work on bug fixing and improving application performance.
• Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies
to maximize development efficiency.

Requirements:
• BTech/MTech degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a
related subject
• A deep familiarity with Swift and Cocoa Touch
• Experience with third-party libraries and APIs
• Good knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures,
trends, and emerging technologies
• Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle.

JD-17
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2977925-ios-developer

We are looking for an experienced native iOS dev, who could help with these tasks:

• Integrating a C/C++ library to an iOS project
• Exposing the C/C++ library’s functionality through extern functions API to be utilised from a C# code
• Implement audio recording from the microphone, with channeling the audio data into multiple destinations (processing / write to a file)

Required skills:
• Experience with both Swift and Objective-C
• Work with audio in iOS native
• Experience with integrating C/C++ libraries into iOS projects
• Experience with implementing external API’s for FFI (Foreign function interface) from Swift/Objective-C code

JD-18
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2969707-ios-developer

We are looking for a visionary lad/lass responsible for developing and maintaining applications aimed at a range of iOS devices. Join our engineering team and help us build, test & release iOS Apps to the app store.

To do this job successfully, you need exceptional skills in writing error-free code in swift/Objective-c and pixel-perfect UI designing as per Apple design principles. A basic understanding of the implementation of ML and AI services are plus point.

Responsibilities

Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code.
Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code.
Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application.
Classify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs.
Qualification & Skills
Mandatory

1+ years of experience in iOS app development.
Strong knowledge of iOS SDK, Proficient with Objective-C or Swift.
Experience with developing apps in MVC/MVVM.
Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, etc.
Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services.
Knowledge of other web technologies and UI/UX standards.
Understanding of Apple’s design principles and interface guidelines.
Familiar with advance features such as Camera, Bluetooth, Location & Sensors.
Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications.
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git.
Good to Have

Ability to understand business requirements and translate them into technical documents.
Strong written and verbal communication skills.
SwiftUI.

JD-19
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2983589-ios-developer

About UsWe are seeking a skilled iOS Software Engineer to join our team. As an iOS Software Engineer, you will play a key role in designing and developing innovative mobile applications for the iOS platform. You will work closely with our development team to deliver high-quality software solutions that meet our clients' needs and exceed their expectations.

Responsibilities:Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.Develop high-quality software design and architecture for iOS applications.Work on bug fixing and improving application performance.Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency.Translate designs and wireframes into high-quality code.Ensure the best possible performance, quality, and responsiveness of the application.Identify and correct bottlenecks and fix bugs.Help maintain code quality, organization, and automation.Participate in code reviews and provide constructive feedback to team members.Stay up-to-date with the latest iOS development trends and best practices.

Requirements:Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.Proven experience as an iOS Software Engineer with a minimum of [2-6] years of experience.Proficient in Swift and/or Objective-C programming languages.Strong understanding of iOS SDK, different versions of iOS, and how to deal with different screen sizes.Experience with Xcode and other development tools.Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services.Strong understanding of iOS UI design principles, patterns, and best practices.Experience with offline storage, threading, and performance tuning.Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git.Excellent problem-solving skills.Ability to work independently and as part of a team.Strong communication and interpersonal skills.

Preferred Qualifications:Master's degree in Computer Science or a related field.Published one or more iOS applications on the App Store.Experience with cross-platform mobile development frameworks (e.g., React Native, Xamarin).Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications.Knowledge of software testing methodologies and frameworks.Experience with Agile methodologies.Contributions to open-source iOS projects.

JD-20
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2970932-ios-developer

Location: Chennai
Experience: 4 to 7 years

We are looking for a Mobile Application Developer who is an expert in building apps for Apple devices with SwiftUI and Swift. As a Mobile App Developer, your duties and responsibilities will include working together with our design team for product mocks and creating next-level, latest mobile apps for our company. You will be required to work with our team of mobile developers to build intuitive mobile apps.If you consider yourself suitable for this Mobile Developer job, then we would like you to join us.

Responsibilities:

Analyze the requirements and propose the best possible solutions.
Develop APIs for mobile functionality support and better user performance.
Consume remote data via REST and JSON.
Collaborate with the team to constantly innovate the design and functionality of apps
Troubleshoot and debug apps and handle it over to testers for better performance.
Work closely with the product development team .
Write unit and UI tests to identify malfunctions.
Follow standard coding practices [Clean architecture] while writing code.
Requirements:

Proficient in SwiftUI, Combine, CoreData for persistence.
Should have working experience on Native SwiftUI dependency injection.
Usage of iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text.
Deep familiarity with Objective-C, Swift, and Cocoa Touch.
Ability to contribute to design, test, release and application support
Excellent development skills.
Exceptional problem-solving attitude.
Experience:

iOS Development , SwiftUI and MVVM .
Publising in Appstore.
Beta Release
Google map
Different payment gateway integration
Must have worked in any banking project previously
Firebase and Socket for Notifications
well experienced with pods
Alomofire

JD-21
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/38290-ios-developer

FatSecret are a leader in the health and wellness space. Despite being a small team, our data drives some of the biggest nutrition and health platforms in the world, and we have our own unique offering for people who want to watch what they eat.

We are embarking on an ambitious journey to extend our app experiences to provide rich personalised experiences for our users that will help them manage their diet and control their weight through good nutrition.

To help us get there, we are seeking an experienced iOS developer with a proven track record developing Apps from the ground up.

Who you are:

Minimum two years of industry experience in developing commercial iOS apps
Strong learning agility, combined with a willingness to share knowledge/experience
High EQ (empathy with our customers, ability to communicate effectively with colleagues)
A demonstrable passion for technology with proven experience developing for iOS, as well as being well informed of developments in the iOS space
Positive, enthusiastic and willing to contribute at all stages of the SDLC
Self-guided, ability to lead from the front with ideas on solving user problems via technology
Passionate about continuous improvement, use of lean methodologies in a Kanban style agile environment
Focus on execution and user outcomes over getting everything 100%
What you’ve done:

Experience with Swift
Experience with UIKit, networking, caching and concurrency
Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git
Be able to show us what you’ve built, tell us your role in the build, and what you’d have done differently
Be fully conversant with building iOS native apps from initial tech investigations through to staged rollouts from iTunes Connect
Knowledge of analytics platforms and integration in mobile apps
Experience implementing Watch App will be highly regarded
Experience in Health, Medical or Fitness categories highly regarded
We are an organisation that services most world markets, and as such we welcome applicants from a broad range of backgrounds.

At this stage, we cannot consider submissions from recruitment agencies, and can only consider applicants with the relevant authority to work in Australia.

JD-22
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/1419604-ios-developer

Job description
We are looking for an iOS developer who possesses a passion for pushing mobile technologies to the limits and will work with our team of talented engineers to design and build the next generation of our mobile applications.
Responsibilities
• Design and build advanced applications for the iOS platform
• Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features.
• Unit-test code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability.
• Work on bug fixing and improving application performance.
• Continuously discover, evaluate, and implement new technologies to maximize development efficiency.
Requirements
• BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject
• Proven working experience in software development
• Working experience in iOS development
• Have published one or more iOS apps in the app store
• A deep familiarity with Objective-C and X Code
• Experience working with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, Core Animation, Core Graphics and Core Text
• Experience with third-party libraries and APIs
• Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies
• Solid understanding of the full mobile development life cycle

JD-23
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2982167-senior-ios-developer

This role is at innovative B2B startup providing secure video hosting to e-learning and media businesses and thus in high demand in current market. Site is at www.vdocipher.com. Already in revenues, profitable with 3000+ business customers across 120+ countries.

As part of our service, we provide Android and iOS SDKs to our clients to help them build their mobile apps. Your role as an iOS developer will be to contribute towards building the iOS SDK with best industry practices and easy-to-use API. Our IOS SDK is used by customers who have lacs of viewers , so the quality of experience we provide is of utmost importance.

Requirement

Experience of working on iOS app from planning to development, publishing and maintaining
Understanding of App store ecosystem
Basic understanding of both Objective C and swift languages
Understanding of Git version control
Understand internal difference of cordova apps, and semi native frameworks such as react-native, flutter, xamarin etc.
Knowledge of persistent data stores available on iOS systems
Up to date of recent updates by Apple in this field
Responsibilities

Adding feature and maintaining iOS SDK
Maintaining feature and API parity with Android SDK
Maintaining release versions with versioning
Develop and maintain API documentation for SDK

JD-24
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/1531013-ios-developer-sr-ios-developer

ToXSL Technologies Pvt Ltd is hiring for iOS Developer

Designation: iOS Developer:
Experience: 1 - 5 years (Freshers with 6 months of training can also apply)
Salary: 2 - 6 lac per annum
No. of Positions: 4

Requirements :

Minimum 6 months of training in iOS is mandatory.
Knowledge of Swift is MUST.
Knowledge of ios, iphone, swift, objective-c, xcode and mac.
Knowledge of web services (APIs), JSON, XML parsing, map, social media integration and other advanced ios features.
Knowledge of GIT or SVN will be a plus.
Highlights:

Working 5 days a week.
Group Health Insurance for our employees.
Work with a team of 270+ excellent engineers.
Additional Salary for an extra day spent in the office.
Lunch buffets for all our employees.
Fantastic friday meals to dine in for employees.
Yearly and quarterly awards with CASH amount, Birthday coupons , Dinner coupons etc.
Team Dinners on Project Completion.
Festival celebration, Month End celebration and much more.
Equality: Absence of favoritism in hiring and promotions.
Skills: ios, iphone, swift, objective-c, xcode , Push Notification

JD-25
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2971276-ios-developer

You will be required to developed iOS application as per the specifications provided by the company.

Requirements:
Proven experience in iOS application development
Familiarity with frameworks such as Swift, React Native, Flutter, etc.
Enthusiastic about contributing to a meaningful cause and leveraging technology to create positive change.
Excellent collaboration and communication skills to work effectively with cross-functional teams.

JD-26
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/1588860-ios-developer

The Role:
First and foremost we are looking for driven developers with an entrepreneurial mindset who are ready to go above and beyond the responsibilities of a typical developer. As a founding engineer you will be expected to work on all layers of our Tech stack and contribute to the architecture and overall design of the platform.
You will be directly reporting to the CTO of the company and work alongside a group of experts in logistics, technology and design.

Who we are looking for
High-energy and courageous - you’ll do what it takes to win
Takes ownership of their work, driven and focused
Willing to get into the details of their work and open to feedback
Adaptable, resilient, and able to thrive in ambiguity - things change quickly in our dynamic startup and you’ll need to be able to keep up!
Growth-minded - you’re eager to expand your skill set and excited to carve out your career path in a hyper-growth setting
Desire for impact - ready to take on a lot of responsibility and work collaboratively with your team
### Requirements
Familiar with UI/UX design (eg, Figma)
Familiar with designing and building APIs (eg, REST API’s)
Strong knowledge of IOS UI design principles, patterns, and best practices
B.S., M.S.in Computer Science or equivalent, with 2-3 years of experience is highly preferred
Expert at Objective-C, Cocoa, Swift, and iOS SDK
Familiarity with cloud message APIs and push notifications
Experience developing complex, custom iOS apps that talk to a server
Strong systems and OOP knowledge
Familiar with database technologies (e.g. SQL and NoSQL)
Proven ability to build, launch and iterate on mobile apps
Eager to work in fast-paced startup environment
Remote for now, open to relocation to Bay Area, CA later
Responsibilities
Work within our product teams to design and develop our iOS apps and add new exciting features
Improve our code base through continuous refactoring
Solve challenging real-time data transfer and synchronization problems
Implement unit tests
Keep up to date with the state-of-the-art of iOS development
Be communicative and collaborative

JD-27
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2223351-ios-developer

Skills -

Highly passionate, responsible and workaholic person.
Excellent knowledge of required skills (Swift,Objective C etc).
Can work independently on a module from scratch to perfectly finished state.
Must be highly adaptive in learning and efficient in writing code.
Can timely deliver under intense pressures.
Most importantly who communicates well and has ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences.
Responsibilities -

Working on different modules of WiJungle Unified Cyber Security Platform.
Must be able to work collaboratively in a team environment.
Manage multiple assignments independently, and provide technical expertise/mentoring to the team.
Enhancing and upgrading website, KB and blog.
Perks:

Fast growing field
Great and extremely competitive environment.

JD- 28
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2412783-ios-developer

We are looking for a highly professional Senior Mobile Developer with experience in iOS development, good experience with UIKit, maybe with SwiftUI for future development

You Will:

Develop new features and functions in the mobile app;
develop new UI/UX for the upcoming features;
work with the design and blockchain team in an interdisciplinary product design and development process;
take part in all the stages of projects: design and develop software from architecture to release;
create and maintain documentation; Requirements: Must have:
3+ years of experience in mobile development
Proven iOS development experience
Has published at least one original iOS app
Strong knowledge of iOS, Swift, XCode, Git
Strong knowledge of UIKit, animation techniques, adaptive layout
Experience working with remote data via REST and JSON
Experience with third-party libraries and APIs
Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architectures, trends, and emerging technologies
Understanding of the full mobile development life cycle
Understanding of OOP and clean architecture
Experience writing Unit Tests
Upper-Intermediate English level (writing and speaking)
Love for writing clean maintainable code
Passion to learn new things and grow
Nice to have:

Experience with CI/CD (setup and maintenance)
SwiftUI
We Offer:

Competitive compensation
15 days of vacation time, increased to 20 days after 1 year
7 health days to tend to health and wellness needs for themselves or dependents
80 hours of supplemental COVID-19 recovery time
Health insurance coverage
A home office stipend
Flexible working hours
100% remote-work environment (if you choose)
Growth opportunities
Team building events and happy hours
A robust knowledge base
The opportunity to work with an incredible team spanning 20 countries
A personalised blockchain domain

JD-28
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2927753-ios-developer

Responsibilities:

● Development of live prototypes for design review, user testing and iteration.
● Integrate, communicate and work with API services and teams.
● Update and review development/project status, risks and issues.
● Triage technical issues and lead teams toward solving problems.
● Quick iterations.
● Complete development assignments on time with a high level of quality, and
documentation.
● Support project releases.

Skills & Experience:

● 1+ years of combined software engineering and application development experience.
● Understanding of Languages - Swift, Objective-C.
● Frameworks and APIs like Graph QL, Foundation, UIKit, and CocoaTouch.
● Appreciation for, and experience in UI, UX design.

● Attention to user interaction details such as animations, charts, user interaction feedback,
responses, etc. for high quality user experiences.
● Experience in developing messaging and social features.
● Strong experience and success in integrating multiple API services.
● Experience integrating and developing payment and messaging services.
● Skilled in creating algorithms.
● Keeping up to date with Apple’s Human Interface Guidelines.
● OpenGL or Metal graphic API experience is a bonus.
● Experience with all phases of the development life cycle.
● Experience in agile development including daily scrum and weekly iteration reviews and
planning.
● Experience, wisdom and knowledge optimizing and testing code for phones, various
models and iOS versions.
● Advanced communication skills with the ability to clarify application requirements via
phone/email with business partners.
● Created and delivered one or more applications available in Apple's AppStore.

The ideal candidate should be willing to commit fully to the company and drive the company
forward.

JD-29
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2658940-ios-developer

We are expanding and it's time for our next iOS star. Let’s see if you are the one to join our team as our fourth iOS developer. We have a lot to offer and below some requirements, so buckle up!

About you and your responsibilities
You are ambitious and believe there’s always a solution, no matter the complexity of the task ahead of you
You take pride in the quality of your work. You consider the whole system, cover the edge cases and test your code.
You wake up in the morning with positive energy to bring to work where you will collaborate with your colleagues and contribute to the organizational success
You are able to reason through the trade-offs and dare to make decisions for the benefit of the organization
You have a keen interest in architecture and know how to build complex applications that are maintainable
You love to share the knowledge you have and to learn new things from your colleagues and other sources
About our iOS apps and MAJORITY
The two apps that we work on are written entirely in Swift. We’re also started incorporating SwiftUI
The development team is up to date with iOS development best practices and software patterns
To secure high quality code we practice code review and pair programming, we use CI/CD and automated testing
Our way of working is well structured. We currently use a Scrum workflow to handle day to day tasks
We always strive to learn new things. Currently we do this with tech conferences and monthly AI hackathons
We have great cross team collaboration throughout the entire organization
We also have a lot of fun together. We have a lunch run club, play foosball and other games, go the gym, AWs etc
Basic Requirements
Good experience in Swift and iOS app development
Knowledgeable about iOS, Apple, mobile, devices and related spheres of technology
Excellent communication skills in English
Ideal candidate
8+ years full-time professional iOS development experience
Committed to writing excellent code
Experience working with a growing team on evolving products with many users
Experience building new products with an eye on maintainability and scalability
Experience with payment platforms, FinTech, Banking or app security
Happy hacking on new technology, loves R&D
Always curious, always learning
Vision for product development and for how a code base evolves
A degree in computer science
A pleasure to work with

JD-30
LINKS - https://wellfound.com/jobs/2932377-ios-developer

At Moneybox, we’re helping people turn their money into something greater. We launched our award-winning app back in 2016, and made waves with our now famous round-ups feature, which helped thousands of people start investing with just their spare change. Fast forward to today, and we’ve brought saving, investing, home-buying, and retirement services together into one simple app. So people can reach their goals and build wealth with confidence, whatever their starting point. With a range of free tools, educational content, and award-winning customer support, we’re already helping hundreds of thousands of people all across the UK.

What you'll do
The position will be responsible for supporting the Lead iOS Developer to work on the iOS application. You will help to create a reliable application that makes investing simple and enjoyable for users. You will be involved in the whole life cycle from suggesting new features to releasing the application:
Design and build applications for the iOS platform
Ensure the performance, quality, and responsiveness of applications
Collaborate with the wider team to define, design, and ship new features
Identify and fix bottlenecks and bugs
Help maintain code quality and organisation
Who you are
Someone who is excited about making an application you would use personally that helps make saving and investing easier and more accessible.
Thrives in a fast-paced startup environment.
Interested in all areas of the business and enjoys hearing about what other team members are working on.
Genuine interest in financial technology.
Constantly looking to improve all areas that you can affect.
Excited about learning and experiencing new ways of thinking.
Experience and skills - essential
Hands on experience developing iOS apps (personal projects or through studies)
Experience with Swift 5 and iOS frameworks, can produce clear and tidy source code which is easy to understand and follows familiar design patterns.
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services.
Experience of developing user interfaces with auto-layout.
Working knowledge of the general mobile landscape, architecture, trends, and emerging technologies.
Experience and skills - desirable
At least 1 year of professional experience building iOS applications collaborating with Product Managers, Designers, and other Software engineers.
Experience with modern design patterns such as MVP, MVVM, VIPER etc.
Applied knowledge of design patterns and SOLID principles.
Computer science or related degree.
Proficient understanding of Git.
Familiarity with continuous integration.
Familiarity with unit testing.
Applied knowledge of software engineering best practices and software development methodologies. e.g. Scrum.
At least one app in the App store.
