List of Jds of Project Manager
-----------------------------------------------------
1)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-infinite-computer-solutions-india-pvt-ltd-patna-5-to-9-years-090524501957?src=seo_srp&sid=17191974510498257&xp=1&px=1
Job description
Infinite Computer Solutions India Pvt. Ltd. is looking for Project Manager to join our dynamic team and embark on a rewarding career journey.
Coordinating with cross-discipline team members to make sure that all parties are on track with project requirements, deadlines, and schedules.
Meeting with project team members to identify and resolve issues.
Submitting project deliverables and ensuring that they adhere to quality standards.
Preparing status reports by gathering, analyzing, and summarizing relevant information.
Establishing effective project communication plans and ensuring their execution.
Facilitating change requests to ensure that all parties are informed of the impacts on schedule and budget.
Coordinating the development of user manuals, training materials, and other documents as needed to enable successful implementation and turnover of the process or system to the clients.
Identifying and developing new opportunities with clients.
Obtaining customer acceptance of project deliverables.
Managing customer satisfaction within the project transition period.
Conducting post-project evaluation and identifying successful and unsuccessful project elements.

2)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-techasoft-patna-3-to-8-years-021220500565?src=seo_srp&sid=17191974510498257&xp=2&px=1
Job description
Serve as project owner for company, building relationships with clients and managing expectations and scope. Develop project specs, manage the project plan and work with teams to execute on plans. Manage schedules, budgets, project scope, assets, and overall project organization to ensure requirements and project delivery dates are clearly communicated, understood and executed. Communicate and document project status and strategic recommendations to team members and senior management on a regular basis; escalate issues accordingly via the appropriate channels. Effectively and efficiently plan and prioritize all resources working across project(s) based on scope of work and project goals.

3)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-prodcon-tech-services-pune-bengaluru-mumbai-all-areas-10-to-18-years-220624004321?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=1&px=1
Job Description


An IT Project Manager is responsible for developing and managing technology projects and their cost, time and scope. Responsibilities include: project plan, communication plan, business analysis and rapid prototyping, allocating tasks and setting milestone.

  Create & manage project plans
  Understand and document the business need, articulate the solution and create a rapid prototype aligning all stakeholders
  Define project schedules, allocate resources and monitor progress
  Align project objectives and make sure project team is clear on objectives
  Deliver technology solutions
  Help project team with the design and development tasks
  Lead process of issue identification and resolution
  Monitor and manage scope
  Create and Manage all documentation
  Work multiple projects simultaneously
  Foster partnership with customers/stakeholders/sponsors
  Be able to escalate in a timely manner, present project status in weekly/monthly project status meetings, work with multiple project teams and stakeholders

Competencies:

  Total IT experience of six to ten years with three to seven years in project delivery/ management role.
  Knowledge of Project Management Methodology; PMP certifications preferred.
  Good communications skills, with customers, team and stakeholders
  Customer-focused mindset
  Knowledge and experience of Robotic Process Automation in Life sciences/ Pharmaceutical domain preferred.
J Proficient in related software tools like MS Project, MS suite of tools Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio and the like. J

4)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-scrum-master-global-enterprise-partners-bengaluru-5-to-14-years-140624502928?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=2&px=1
Job description

Scrum Master certification
5 + years experience being a scrum master
Agile mindset and passion to be a Scrum Master
Experience with agile maturity of a team, organisation
Experience in some scaled agile practices
Experience managing remote teams
Experience working with internal and external (partner) scrum teams
Good understanding of interactions with PO and BA roles
Someone who is good at stakeholder management, being able to navigate through the matrix org, and able to work across geographies, cultural differences to keep focus on getting towards expected outcome
Have an eye for the desired result and can help achieve this from different angles: analytical, process-oriented and above all: very pragmatic.
Having general business knowledge
Worked with Azure Devops
International experience

5)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-unique-performance-techsoft-bengaluru-mumbai-all-areas-4-to-9-years-190624005253?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=3&px=1
Job description

Requirements:

Role: Project Manager
Location: Bangalore & Mumbai
Qualification: MBA
Experience: Above 4 YEARS
Responsibilities:

Lead end-to-end project management activities for a diverse range of engagements, working closely with clients to define project scope, objectives, and deliverables.
Develop and execute project plans, considering the appropriate delivery model based on project requirements and client preferences.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams, including technical experts, consultants, and stakeholders, to ensure project milestones are met within the defined timelines and budget.
Proactively identify and mitigate project risks, managing issues that may arise during project execution
Monitor project progress and ensure that project deliverables are of the highest quality, meeting, or exceeding client expectations.
Ensuring compliance with objectives, organizational policies, procedures, and standards.
Implementing document control policies and documentation templates.
Foster strong relationships with clients, acting as the main point of contact for project-related discussions and updates.
Effectively communicate project status, updates, and potential roadblocks to both internal teams and clients.
Leverage your knowledge to provide valuable insights and recommendations during project planning and execution (if applicable).
Uphold best practices and industry standards in project management
Must willing travel 25% within India for customer engagements and project collaborations

6)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-and-scrum-master-figment-global-solutions-jaipur-3-to-8-years-100524005276?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=4&px=1
Job description
Primary Skills:

Agile Software Development, Collaboration, Communication, Project management, Scrum Master, sprint plan, Strong Attention to Detail


Role Overview:


We are seeking a seasoned Scrum Master to join our team and provide guidance on architectural issues, troubleshooting, and team expansion. The ideal candidate will have strong communication skills, a willingness to learn, and a proactive approach to problem-solving.


Responsibilities:


Lead and facilitate Agile ceremonies, including sprint planning, daily stand-ups, sprint reviews, and retrospectives.

Collaborate closely with product owners and development teams to refine product backlog items and prioritize user stories.

Coach and mentor team members on Agile principles and practices.

Ensure the team adheres to Agile methodologies and delivers high-quality software increments.

Identify and remove impediments to the team's progress.

Work with UI/UX designer to finalize the wireframes the team will work on.

Write and execute test cases to ensure the quality of software increments

7)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-2coms-kolkata-10-to-20-years-200624008591?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=5&px=1
Job description
SUMMARY
We having opening of a Project Manager position for a renowned real estate organisation in Kolkata.

PFA the KRA:

Detailed study and approval of Project Planning, Periodic Tracking as per MSP plan
Resource plan monitoring- Labour, Material, Manpower, Plant & Machinery
Timely Approval and submission of MIS Reports-, costing reports, operational reports, budget cash flows, billing reports, Material indent tracking- pertaining to project
Change Management Monitoring,Analysis and Final Reporting
Monitoring Sequence of Work to ensure Cost, Quality & Time effectiveness
Ensure proper execution of processes/systems/ procedures for the project as per SOP
Detailed review and approval of Project Budget on periodic basis
Preparation of Projected Cash Flow for 3 months & monthly tracking

Requirements
Candidates must have good expo in residential project
Min 12 years experience needed
Must be from Real Estate background
Education criteria: Diplom/ BE/ Btech in Civil


8)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-strategic-skill-tech-chennai-coimbatore-bengaluru-3-to-6-years-200624912617?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=7&px=1
Job description
We are currently looking for a Project Manager to join our team. This role involves creating project organization structures, developing project plans, and managing project execution to ensure successful delivery. The position is available in Chennai, Bangalore, and Coimbatore.

Key Responsibilities
Create project organization structure, identifying key team members and their roles.
Develop and communicate the project plan to align project members and stakeholders.
Conduct kickoff meetings with key stakeholders to review the project plan and gain consensus.
Measure project performance using appropriate tools and techniques to monitor progress, identify variances, and perform corrective actions.
Demonstrate business skills to negotiate priorities across multiple groups and teams.
Manage changes to project scope, schedule, and costs to keep the project plan updated and reflective of authorized changes.
Identify high-level risks, assumptions, and constraints; implement actions and workarounds to minimize risks.
Communicate development or resourcing roadblocks to leadership and facilitate resolution.
Improve team performance by building cohesiveness, mentoring, training, and motivating teams.
Create and maintain comprehensive project documentation.

Qualifications
Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, or related field.
3 to 5 years of consulting or industry experience in complex program and portfolio management.
Strong communication, facilitation, and presentation skills.
Experience in project delivery, including configurations, release, and change management.
Demonstrated project and program management skills in a cross-functional coordination role.

Ideally, Youll Also Have:
Experience working with executive IT or business leadership.
Knowledge of IT methodologies and processes such as PMBOK, Prince2, Six Sigma, CMMI, product management, and SDLC.
Relevant industry certifications (e.g., PMP, Agile CSM, SAFe).
Understanding of master scheduling and integrated project planning.
Experience with enterprise PMO and Lean PMO setup and operation.

How to Apply
Please share your resume with the following details:
Current CTC
Expected CTC Preferred Location: Chennai, Bangalore, Coimbatore

9)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-borangi-bengaluru-12-to-16-years-180624500278?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=8&px=1
Job description
Coordinating with cross-discipline team members to make sure that all parties are on track with project requirements, deadlines, and schedules.
Meeting with project team members to identify and resolve issues.
Submitting project deliverables and ensuring that they adhere to quality standards.
Preparing status reports by gathering, analyzing, and summarizing relevant information.
Establishing effective project communication plans and ensuring their execution.
Facilitating change requests to ensure that all parties are informed of the impacts on schedule and budget.
Coordinating the development of user manuals, training materials, and other documents as needed to enable successful implementation and turnover of the process or system to the clients.
Identifying and developing new opportunities with clients.
Obtaining customer acceptance of project deliverables.
Managing customer satisfaction within the project transition period.
Conducting post-project evaluation and identifying successful and unsuccessful project elements.

10)
link= https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-seclore-technology-pvt-ltd-gurugram-10-to-12-years-190624500813?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=9&px=1
Job description
A Project Manager is responsible for planning, overseeing and leading projects from ideation through to completion.
Play a critical role in Customer Success Team by engaging with the customer for their technical and functional rollouts; related to Seclore.
Responsible for successful technical deployment, functional rollout and user enablement for the agreed bill of material, within defined timelines
Project Management activities will include the following, but not be limited to:
oInteract with the sales/pre-sales team to obtain the handover from sales to delivery.
oCustomer onboarding, including initial adoption and usage.
oSetup and lead the kick-off meetings with the client.
oAgree timelines, create project plans and obtain necessary signoffs during various stages of the engagement.
oRecord all risks related to deployment and create mitigation plans.
oAlign the technical and functional resources as per the project plan.
oCustomer management, team management, escalation management.
oHandle all communications and escalations related to the project delivery. This includes regularly updating and communicating the Implementation Dashboard and Issue Register.
oEnsure that all the milestones are completed as per the agreed timelines.
oResponsible for change management in relation with the Scope of Work / Deployment Architecture during the Implementation Phase of the project.
oEnsure timely completion of the projects.
oObtain deployment sign off and raise invoice against the completed activity.

11)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-others-itc-infotech-india-ltd-bengaluru-9-to-16-years-140624501697?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=10&px=1
Job description
Oversee and manage the daytoday operations of the IT Helpdesk in the Bangalore ITCI office
 Lead a team of IT support professionals providing guidance training and performance feedback
 Ensure timely resolution of IT support tickets and incidents meeting SLA requirements
 Develop and implement IT support processes and procedures to improve efficiency and customer satisfaction
 Collaborate with other IT teams to escalate and resolve complex technical issues
 Maintain an uptodate knowledge of IT best practices and industry trends
 Conduct regular performance evaluations and provide coaching to team members
 Handle escalations and communicate with stakeholders regarding IT incidents and resolutions
Prepare andor present documentation to Information Services Leadership Team and business stakeholders
Examine financial data and use them to improve profitability Manage budgets and forecasts
 Manage vendor relationships related to IT support services and equipment
 Prepare regular reports on helpdesk performance including ticket trends resolution times and customer feedback
Requirements
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science Information Technology or related field
 9 to 16 years of experience in IT support with at least 3 years in a managerial or leadership role
 Proven experience managing an IT helpdesk or technical support team
 Strong knowledge of ITIL framework and best practices
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills
 Ability to work effectively in a fastpaced environment and prioritize tasks
 Experience with ITSM tools such as ServiceNow Remedy or similar platforms
 Demonstrated ability to lead a team foster a positive work environment and drive results
 IT certifications such as ITIL PMP or similar are a plus
Location and Schedule
 This is a fulltime position based in our Bangalore ITCI office
 The work schedule is Monday to Friday with occasional flexibility required based on business needs

 12)
 link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-indus-valley-partners-india-pvt-ltd-noida-3-to-6-years-200624005763?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=11&px=1
 Job description
Guide Project teams with best practices and assist in Risk mitigation
Proactive stakeholder engagement / Coordinate with stakeholders and users to gather detailed product integration requirements.
Ensure SLA/KPIs of the functions are reported accurately
Identify, track and resolve issues that arise on the projects
Present and/or report progress and status of projects and product teams to senior management
Contribute to a teamwork environment among the PMO team members and project team
Work with Product Teams to establish a sustainable PMO process
Track Product roadmap  planning, development and build releases
Work with Support teams to establish PMO process around Client support and managed services
Work with Internal dev team to build automated PMO tracking mechanism for Product and Support team
Optimize process for capturing data and reduce reporting complexity.
Standardize request methods and build processes to enable self-service process.
Establish efficient standards and guidelines
Expereience

Actively working on Project management, Risk mitigation, project planning.
2+ year of relevant work experience
Strong knowledge in handling project management office independently

13)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-yrg-care-ramagundam-1-to-3-years-210624502574?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=12&px=1
Job description

 
The Project Manager is the overall in-charge of the TI and is responsible for functioning of the project as per DAC operational guidelines.
The PM is tasked with achievement of the project deliverables as per project targets.
The PM will be based at the field office and organize weekly review meeting and supervise work of all other staffs.
Establish linkages with other referral services, stake holder meetings, and advocacy.
Organize in house capacity building of the other staff.
PM to travel to the project area / hotspots for purposes related to TI Programme implementation like supervision of PE/ORWs and interaction with HRGs. PM should visit the field for about 10-15 days in month records of the field visits are maintained.
Assist PD to organize advocacy and linkage activities.
Analyze the progress of the project activities and share the same with action points in the monthly project staff meeting.
Assess the capacity building requirements of project staff and communicate the same with TSU and SACS.
Monitor the transit intervention activities where ever applicable.
Conduct weekly / biweekly/monthly review meetings with project staff and PEs.

Reporting:
Report to PD of the project and TI nodal officer in SACS and/or PO in TSU
Timely submission of monthly program performance data in SIMS/CMIS or other reporting format.
Submission of SOES

Requirements
Education and Skills:

She/he should be a Post graduate in any discipline of Social Sciences preferably with 1-year experience at district level programmes related to health, livelihood programmes, rural development, microfinance and HIV/AIDS programmes.


Knowledge and Skills:

Familiarity with government health policies and programmes Strong communication skills
Ability to work in small teams, and flexible ways of working
Proficiency in data analysis, reporting writing, case study compilation. At least 10 days in the field visit required.
Overall management capacity to monitor, report and guide the team under him/her.

14)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-adm-ibm-india-pvt-limited-mumbai-5-to-9-years-140624905612?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=13&px=1
Job description


At IBM, our Project Managers excel by leading and coordinating a project teams overall performance, scope, cost, and deliverables. Our clients rely on timely and efficient status reports, and as Project Manager, you will drive the charge with project direction, metric definition, and performance management.

Your Role and Responsibilities
As Project Manager, you are responsible to work closely with the client ,Oversee all aspects of projects. Set deadlines, assign responsibilities and monitor and summarize progress of project. Prepare reports for upper management regarding status of project.
Responsible for managing Product Development & Support team
Responsible for P&L of multiple accounts
Supervise delivery and support projects
Ensure that all projects are delivered on-time, within scope and within budget
Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs using appropriate verification techniques
Measure project performance using appropriate tools and techniques
Report and escalate to management as needed


Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Minimum 4+ years of experience in customer facing role
Solid understanding of project management and experience in waterfall and agile methodologies
Ability to hire, mentor and retain high performers
Expertise to supervise delivery and support projects


Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
You love collaborative environments that use agile methodologies to encourage creative design thinking and find innovative ways to develop with cutting edge technologies
Ambitious individual who can work under their own direction towards agreed targets/goals and with creative approach to work
Intuitive individual with an ability to manage change and proven time management

15)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-ibm-india-pvt-limited-ahmedabad-12-to-16-years-130624907855?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=14&px=1
Job description
At IBM, our Project Managers excel by leading and coordinating a project team's overall performance, scope, cost, and deliverables. Our clients rely on timely and efficient status reports, and as Project Manager, you will drive the charge with project direction, metric definition, and performance management. If you are ready to help our clients and project teams succeed, we would love to meet you!
IBM's Purpose is to be essential to our clients, to the world and one another and we are confident that together as IBMers we will drive this purpose. When you join IBM you join a culture of openness, teamwork, trust, and the invitation and expectation to have a voice. Join us and Do your Best Work Ever.

Your Role and Responsibilities
A Technology Advisor, who not only understand the technology but how it affects their area of the business; trends associated with the technology; functional area and industries and the value propositions for clients to rotate to the new
Individuals how have a desire to be client-facing and develop a career that involves being at the forefront in communicating to C-suite individuals about how SAP can help them achieve their strategic initiatives

Your primary responsibilities include:
You will work closely with our clients and demonstrate professional knowledge to ensure that the work products and delivery are of the highest level to ensure client satisfaction.
Delivery advisory services to the IT Function of organizations: CIO/CTO/CDO
Lead large-scale, global work streams requiring specific knowledge of SAP within your functional or industry area of expertise
Leading teams of junior on-shore and off-shore resources to mobilize and deliver SAP solutions with Go-to-Market activities
Deconstruct key business problems to identify value areas and structure and implement complex technology solutions for clients around SAP solutions
Required Technical and Professional Expertise
Overall industry experience of 12 plus years and 10 plus years of SAP experience in applicable module(s) - including complete project life-cycle experience as well as maintenance and enhancement responsibilities.
Handle the designated project through all relevant stages of the systems lifecycle from project initiation through to project closure and review
Lead complex projects, effective resource planning, technical leadership and management. There is also huge potential for you to drive through improvements
Deliver advisory services in support of technology-enabled business change (integrator selection, vendor selection, application studies, solution architecture, or program diagnostics and recovery)
Independently plans installs, integrates and validates systems software and hardware solutions, Leads technical change implementation across environments.
Preferred Technical and Professional Expertise
PMP Certified (Project Management Professional)
Experience in onsite-offshore delivery model, Craft creative and differentiated SAP offerings, staying relevant and in sync with market changes and innovations
Tried work in full life-cycle implementations and validated project management capability required

16)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-saasvaap-kochi-bengaluru-thiruvananthapuram-4-to-9-years-100624902976?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=15&px=1
Job description
5 years experience in project management
Candidates BMA certificate have preference
Familiarity with SmartSheet softwares collaboration and time management tools
Experience with process improvement and inventory controlPMP
CertificationAdvanced time management and analytical skills
Working knowledge of Microsoft ExcelExcellent client-facing communication skillsRoles and
Responsibilities:Meet with clients to take detailed ordering briefs and clarify specific requirements of each project
Delegate project tasks based on junior staff members individual strengths, skill sets and experience levelsTrack project performance, specifically to analyze the successful completion of short- and long-term goals
Meet budgetary objectives and make adjustments to project constraints based on financial analysisD
evelop comprehensive project plans to be shared with clients as well as other staff membersUse and continually develop leadership skills
Location
Kochi, Trivandrum, Bangalore, Mumbai

Work Type
FullTime

Time Shift
Night


17)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-masterhealthpro-india-bengaluru-4-to-5-years-210624006738?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=18&px=1
Job description
Role Overview:


We are seeking a highly motivated and experienced Project Manager to join our dynamic team. The ideal candidate will have 4-5 years of experience managing projects from inception to completion, ensuring they are delivered on time, within scope, and within budget. As a Project Manager, you will play a crucial role in planning, executing, and finalizing projects according to strict deadlines, while leading a team and coordinating the efforts of team members and third-party contractors or consultants.


Key Responsibilities:


Plan and develop the project idea from concept to execution.
Create and lead your dream team, fostering collaboration and motivation.
Monitor project progress, set deadlines, and ensure timely delivery.
Solve issues that arise during the project lifecycle.
Manage the project budget, ensuring financial objectives are met.
Ensure stakeholder satisfaction through clear communication and delivering on expectations.
Evaluate project performance against objectives and deliverables.
Identify, assess, and mitigate risks that could impact the project's desired outcomes.

Qualifications:


Proven experience in project management of 4-5 years, with a track record of successful project delivery.
Bachelors degree in Project Management, Business Administration, Engineering, or a related field.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification or equivalent is preferred.
Strong communication and interpersonal skills.
Analytical mindset with the ability to interpret data and drive informed decision-making.
Leadership qualities with the ability to motivate teams and foster collaboration.
Adaptability to thrive in a fast-paced work environment.
Ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously and prioritize tasks effectively.
Strong problem-solving skills and attention to detail.


18)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-cmc-sai-life-sciences-ltd-hyderabad-8-to-17-years-170624501276?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140&xp=20&px=1
Job description
To coordinate with cross functional team and ensure that the projects are ON TRACK to deliver as per the committed timelines, cost and quality
Key Responsibilities

To timely kick off the awarded project
To timely prepare and update, comprehensive Gantt chart for the project delivery schedule
Regularly coordinate with CFT comprising of PR&D, AR&D, PE, QA, QC, Production etc, through daily meetings as well as issue based meetings
To prepare and update the comprehensive action tracker for the project activities
To send the prescheduled updates to the customer and BD
To schedule the telcons / VC with customer and facilitate discussion between technical teams
To present the project status in the Project Review Meetings with Central Delivery Review Team (CDRT)
To highlight and escalate the road blocks or anticipated road blocks to the senior management team
To ensure complete and timely documentation on project closure
To timely raise the invoice and update finance and BD of the same
Performance Indicators


QUOTIF as per commitment

Overall management of projects, project creeps and communication
Qualification

Masters/ Bachelors (preferred PMP certified , not Mandatory)

Experience

8 to 17 Years

Key Competencies (Technical, Functional & Behavioral) - Excellent verbal and written communication, persuasiveness, inter-personal skills, adaptability, foresight, understanding of business processes.


Primary Responsibilities:

Kick-off meeting, project planning, Gantt chart

19)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-essenware-private-limted-kolkata-mumbai-new-delhi-hyderabad-pune-chennai-bengaluru-6-to-8-years-100624502898?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=2&px=2
Job description
Accounting Determination Based on Brazilian Taxes Experience in supporting Latin American localizations '
At least 6 8 years experience in SAP Financial processes in SAP ECC, including at least 3 4 support and 1 implementation project
Experience in preparing Design Workshop presentations, Business Blueprint or Functional Design Documents, and Functional Specifications
Strong knowledge of SAP FICO Business Processes like P2P, OTC, AP, AR, GL, and Controlling, Strong knowledge of Month/year end processes
Strong knowledge of product costing (MTO & MTS) and material ledger
Should have knowledge of FICO Cut Over Activities
Should have CO PA Working Experience
Strong Knowledge of CO PA Derivation Rules Strong knowledge of Actual Costing in Material Ledger
Strong Knowledge of Batch Jobs
Rich knowledge of interfaces, with experience delivering interface FS including mapping documents
Sound knowledge of FICO configuration objects like company code creation/ product costing, automatic payment process, and electronic statement configuration
Good Knowledge of SAP MM/SD/FI integration processes
Experience in developing custom objects including requirement gathering preparing Functional Design documents, Estimation, conducting UT, SIT, and knowledge of SAP tables in areas of FI and CO
Good integration knowledge with other SAP modules majorly FICO, SD, PP & QM
Experience in working on development requirements like Reports, Interfaces, Conversions, Enhancements, Forms, and Outbound and Inbound IDOC/SAP DMEE
Sound knowledge about the standard reports in FI and CO
Experience in incident and SLA management
Strong Verbal and written communication skills
Good to Have Skills: Vertex process Tax process
Knowledge of working on interfaces like ALE, EDI IDOC, and RFC

20)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-avantor-performance-materials-india-limited-pune-5-to-10-years-200624500356?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=3&px=2
Job description
Avantor is looking for a dynamic, forward-thinking, and experienced Project Manager , who will be responsible for delivering results against some of the most complex business and technology initiatives.

This role will be a full-time position based out of Pune. If you are passionate about solving complex challenges and driving innovation - let s talk!

Manages team of project management specialist/analysts tasked with the development and execution of project plans for New Product Introductions (NPI) in the Biopharma Production Business.

The NPI PMO team lead is responsible for establishing and maintaining the project management tools and standards used by the PMO team and managing a team of project managers tasked with coordinating technical, operational, and commercial deliverables required for the successfully launch of new products.
 
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES
Establishes and manages PMO standards and tools
Manages KPIs for the department
Provides coaching and assistance to team members
Schedules, prepares material, and facilitates tactical and leadership meetings to report status and progress.
Facilitates and documents RACI and change control process. Setup collaboration, Jira and other tools for the project team.
Confirms allocation and engages project team resources and/or works with the resources managers to on board external resources as stated in the business case.
Tracks that activities are documented and executed across a broad range of functions and contributors per our NPI stage-gate process.
Facilitates and coordinates requirement elicitation, completion, review and final sign off from all key stakeholders
Locks down scope
Works with vendors and engages third party resources as needed
Gathers estimates, documents the project plan, and communicates to the steering team
Tracks and documents risk / actions / issues / dependencies and formulates mitigation plans as needed
Facilitates, documents and gets sign off for deployment, communication, training and business readiness plans.
Coordinates and facilitates execution of dry runs as needed
Prepares, schedules and facilitates leadership approvals
Addresses issues in a timely manner and effectively manner.
Provides post-launch support, conducts and documents Lessons learned and facilitates hands off to regular operations.
QUALIFICATIONS (Education/Training, Experience and Certifications)
bachelors degree or equivalent experience
5 years of demonstrated experience managing projects
Experience managing direct reports desired
PMI certification (PMP) desired
Formal training or experience working with MS Project, MPP tools, JIRA , Sharepoint and Visio
Solid understanding of project management, including knowledge of various project methodologies (agile, waterfall)
Infrastructure and IT software acumen
KNOWLEDGE SKILLS AND ABILITIES (Those necessary to perform the job competently)
Excellent written/verbal communication and presentation skills to coordinate at all levels
A self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment and has ability to manage and prioritize concurrent work assignments
Leadership skills to manage associates and other parties in a matrix environment
Excellent interpersonal skills to manage relationships and to deal with conflicts in a professional and objective manner
Must be able to learn new tools and processes quickly and effectively.
Ability to effectively manage vendor, contractor and business partner relationships during the project duration;
ENVIRONMENTAL WORKING CONDITIONS PHYSICAL EFFORT (Under Typical Positions)
Typically works in an office with adequate lighting and ventilation and a normal range of temperature and noise level.
Work assignments are diversified. Examples of past precedent are used to resolve work problems. New alternatives may be developed to resolve problems.
A frequent volume of work and deadlines impose strain on routine basis.
Minimal physical effort is required. Work is mostly sedentary but does require walking, standing, bending, reaching, lifting or carrying objects that typically weigh less than 10 lbs.

21)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-scrum-master-neosoft-technologies-kolkata-mumbai-new-delhi-hyderabad-pune-chennai-bengaluru-5-to-10-years-311023502470?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=4&px=2
Job description
Developing project plans, including defining project scope, goals, deliverables, and schedules
Assembling and managing project teams, assigning tasks and responsibilities, and monitoring progress
Coordinating internal and external resources to ensure project success
Managing project budgets and finances, and ensuring that all project costs are controlled and recorded
Communicating project status to stakeholders, including project team members, sponsors, and senior management
Managing and resolving project issues and risks, and escalating as necessary
Ensuring that all project deliverables are completed on time, within scope, and to the required quality standards
Continuously monitoring and evaluating project progress and making adjustments as necessary to ensure project success
Developing and maintaining positive relationships with stakeholders, including project team members, sponsors, and suppliers

22)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-frm-brickendon-consulting-hyderabad-pune-bengaluru-8-to-12-years-190624005297?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=5&px=2
Job description
Role & responsibilities

As a Project Manager your activities also includes conducting working groups for the on-going projects, preparing project plans, accountable for end-to-end delivery on multiple projects
ensuring IT, Quant, and other teams are adhering to the timelines, raise concerns where necessary, conducting regular interaction with stakeholders.
Good understanding of governance fora and controls in a Risk Management framework.
Understanding of inputs/outputs (market data, reference data, etc.) in risk methodologies and calculations
Work with PMs, BAs, Architects, and development teams from multiple avaloq and non-avaloq platforms for seamless implementation and collaboration.
Risk Calculations, Agile Methodology.
Preferred candidate profile

Minimum 5 years of experience, preferably with FRM/CFA certification
Relevant certifications, such as PMP or PRINCE2, are highly desirable.
Sound knowledge of financial risk Management
Simulations, Pricing and Aggregation knowledge is desirable.
Worked on Risk Measures calculation: EEPE (Effective Expected Positive Exposure), EPE (Expected Positive Exposure), PFE (Positive Future Exposure) etc.
Strong analytical, problem solving and critical thinking skills.
Solid presentation and writing skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work and communicate effectively across multiple teams and functions.
Willingness to learn and continuously expand technical and business skills.
Join our team and make a significant impact in the banking and financial services industry. Apply now!



23)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-frm-brickendon-consulting-hyderabad-pune-bengaluru-8-to-12-years-190624005297?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=5&px=2
Job description
Role & responsibilities

As a Project Manager your activities also includes conducting working groups for the on-going projects, preparing project plans, accountable for end-to-end delivery on multiple projects
ensuring IT, Quant, and other teams are adhering to the timelines, raise concerns where necessary, conducting regular interaction with stakeholders.
Good understanding of governance fora and controls in a Risk Management framework.
Understanding of inputs/outputs (market data, reference data, etc.) in risk methodologies and calculations
Work with PMs, BAs, Architects, and development teams from multiple avaloq and non-avaloq platforms for seamless implementation and collaboration.
Risk Calculations, Agile Methodology.
Preferred candidate profile

Minimum 5 years of experience, preferably with FRM/CFA certification
Relevant certifications, such as PMP or PRINCE2, are highly desirable.
Sound knowledge of financial risk Management
Simulations, Pricing and Aggregation knowledge is desirable.
Worked on Risk Measures calculation: EEPE (Effective Expected Positive Exposure), EPE (Expected Positive Exposure), PFE (Positive Future Exposure) etc.
Strong analytical, problem solving and critical thinking skills.
Solid presentation and writing skills.
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work and communicate effectively across multiple teams and functions.
Willingness to learn and continuously expand technical and business skills.
Join our team and make a significant impact in the banking and financial services industry. Apply now!

24)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-hiring-for-project-manager-pan-india-birlasoft-noida-pune-12-to-15-years-180624004968?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=7&px=2
Job description

Experience in managing projects in Agile Methodologies
Minimum of five years experience managing technical teams (including subcontractors) across multiple disciplines/functional areas
Demonstrated proficiency in Microsoft Office suite including MS Project, Excel, Word and Power Point etc.
Demonstrated comprehensive experience managing the planning, developing, testing, and implementing of software application changes
Demonstrated comprehensive experience using software development lifecycle methodologies in Agile
Demonstrated ability to manage staff and vendor partners in a complex IT environment
Quality assurance process development and enforcement experience in healthcare payer industry
Customer service orientation
Responsibilities:

Leads teams through all phases of a new platform implementation/development project
Serves as single point of contact for the client for technical issues
Create and Manage work plan using Microsoft Project
Will be responsible for creating and managing project management plans
Frequently interacts with executives for status reporting and establishing strategy
Provides direct supervision to individual contributors and/or subordinate supervisors.
Provide business leadership for Analyst teams to outline project scope and requirements
Provide oversight for monitoring project progress, and proper reporting and documentation
Work with IT teams, Architects, and Systems Analysts, to implement technology components
Directs and coordinates activities related to the design, development and implementation of system enhancements and modifications
Coordinates across multiple teams, both internal and external, to facilitate timely and quality implementations of IT initiatives, small and large
Oversees the issue creation and resolution process
Oversees resource utilization, time, and budget utilization
Oversees the change management process
Reviews and provides recommendations/approval of IT expenditures.

25)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-others-itc-infotech-india-ltd-bengaluru-6-to-10-years-170624500359?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=8&px=2
Job description
Responsible for delivering projects and programs as per estimated schedule, effort and cost.
Estimate scope, prepare project management plans, schedules and budgets .
Monitor and Control all project activities and deliverables, through all phases of the project lifecycle ensuring a successful delivery that is on time and within budget on all assigned projects.
Control scope creep and trigger change management as required.
Ensure good client relationship and ensure key stakeholders are well informed of progress and challenges.
Manage, monitor and track project-related costs, including budget variances.
Provide consistent and comprehensive project updates, risk and issue management and resolution.
Analyze and present updates regarding project performance, risks, issues, mitigation plans and change requests.
Ensure timely and accurate communication with management and project team members throughout the life cycle of the project.
Escalate functional, quality and timeline issues appropriately to ensure successful achievement of project goals and objectives.
Develop and maintain productive working relationships with internal and external stakeholders.
Enable the team to contribute effectively through appropriate technical & process related trainings.
Technical knowledge in ASP .NET, .NET core, MVC, Angular and SQL Server and PowerBI

26)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-deutsche-bank-ag-bengaluru-12-to-15-years-130624906799?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=10&px=2
Job description
Role Description:

A project is a temporary endeavour established to produce a specific deliverable. The Project Manager is responsible and accountable for the delivery of agreed project outputs to the agreed time, cost and quality parameters within the agreed scope for the CLM business. The Project Manager will manage and coordinate the transition projects and hiring within the business. Whilst a project forms part of a wider programme, the project manager will have a functional reporting line to a Programme Manager.

Your key responsibilities

Must possess excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
Must be able to provide active reporting along with appropriate analysis and keep the stakeholders as well as managementup-todate with the progress.
Must have managed operations transitions and worked with global teams.
Ensure the projectareplanned in a manner that delivers to the required cost and quality and within the agreed scope, including appropriate milestone definition, work breakdown structure, dependencies, and assumptions.
Must be able to understand the client issues and in turn explain/ manage technicalities with the product vendor for mitigation/ resolution.
Ensure the project work is executed and implemented according to the plan or any agreed changes to the plan and according to agreed project management standards
Ensure project stakeholder awareness, engagement, and communication
Analyze and identify possible risks and issues that could impact delivery and either resolve them or escalate as appropriate
Provide support for hiring to the recruitment team
Manage reporting for the positions and drive the hiring roles to a swift closure by providing support to the recruitment team and Operations alike
Your skills and experience

Must be having total 12+ years of experience and at least 5 years of project management experience.
Demonstrable experience in leading projects to successful conclusions
Experienced in effectively communicating and influencing project stakeholders, team members
Any Graduate,Post Graduatefrom an accredited college or university
Professional qualification in Prince2 and/or PMI Project Management Professional (PMP) will be a plus.
Understanding of the hiring lifecycle
Proficiency in Excel and PowerPoint

27)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-hiring-for-project-manager-domestic-payments-pan-india-deloitte-hyderabad-bengaluru-mumbai-all-areas-8-to-13-years-120624011417?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=13&px=2
Job description
our potential, unleashed.

Indias impact on the global economy has increased at an exponential rate and Deloitte presents

an opportunity to unleash and realize your potential amongst cutting edge leaders, and

organizations shaping the future of the region, and indeed, the world beyond.

At Deloitte, your whole self to work, every day. Combine that with our drive to propel with purpose

and you have the perfect playground to collaborate, innovate, grow, and make an impact that

matters.


The team

Technology & Transformation is about much more than just the numbers. It’s about attesting to accomplishments

and challenges and helping to assure strong foundations for future aspirations. Deloitte exemplifies

the what, how, and why of change so you’re always ready to act ahead. Learn more about Risk

Advisory Practice.

Your work profile

As a part of our Technology & Transformation team, you’ll build and nurture positive working relationships with

teams and clients with the intention to exceed client expectations. You’ll:

Role Description :-

Project Manager - Domestic Payments

Location- PAN INDIA

Must Have

> Project Management experience with a minimum of 8+ years of experience in project management within the payments industry.

> Strong understanding of end-to-end domestic Payments incoming and outgoing.

> Strong understanding of SWIFT /IMPS /NEFT, RTGS /UPI Payment flow.

> Knowledge of emerging payment technologies, such as mobile wallets and digital banking solutions is a plus.

> Strong Experience with Agile/Scrum/Kanban methodologies.

> Must have worked on JIRA and Confluence.

> Proven track record in leading and delivering multiple projects and orchestrating the project artifacts.

> Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office.

> Good understanding of Business Analyst roles and responsibilities.

> Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities.

On the Role

> Develop comprehensive project plans, outlining scope, goals, deliverables, timelines, and resource allocation.

> Work closely with technical teams to ensure the successful implementation of domestic payment systems.

> Ensure that all projects are delivered on time, within the scope, and within budget.

> Managing a variety of stakeholders across the whole business to ensure successful project delivery.

> Conduct regular project reviews and audits to ensure quality and compliance.

> Establish and maintain standards for project management methodologies, ensuring adherence to best practices and regulatory requirements.

> Identify potential risks and implement mitigation strategies to ensure project success.

> Maintain effective communication channels with stakeholders, providing regular updates on project status, risks, and issues.

> Operate in a multi-regional environment.

Good to Have

> Project Management Professional (PMP) certification or equivalent preferred.

> Familiarity with regulatory compliance requirements in the Indian payments industry (e.g., RBI guidelines, NPCI standards).

How you’ll grow

Connect for impact

Our exceptional team of professionals across the globe are solving some of the world’s most

complex business problems, as well as directly supporting our communities, the planet, and each

other. Know more in our Global Impact Report and our India Impact Report.

Empower to lead

You can be a leader irrespective of your career level. Our colleagues are characterised by their

ability to inspire, support, and provide opportunities for people to deliver their best and grow both

as professionals and human beings. Know more about Deloitte and our One Young World

partnership.

Inclusion for all

At Deloitte, people are valued and respected for who they are and are trusted to add value to their

clients, teams and communities in a way that reflects their own unique capabilities. Know more

about everyday steps that you can take to be more inclusive. At Deloitte, we believe in the unique

skills, attitude and potential each and every one of us brings to the table to make an impact that

matters.

Drive your career

At Deloitte, you are encouraged to take ownership of your career. We recognize there is no one

size fits all career path, and global, cross-business mobility and up / re-skilling are all within the

range of possibilities to shape a unique and fulfilling career. Know more about Life at Deloitte.

Everyone’s welcome entrust your happiness to us

Our workspaces and initiatives are geared towards your 360-degree happiness. This includes

specific needs you may have in terms of accessibility, flexibility, safety and security, and

caregiving. Here’s a glimpse of things that are in store for you.


Interview tips

We want job seekers exploring opportunities at Deloitte to feel prepared, confident and

comfortable. To help you with your interview, we suggest that you do your research, know some

background about the organization and the business area you’re applying to. Check out recruiting

tips from Deloitte professionals.

28)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-essenware-private-limted-bengaluru-5-to-7-years-110624501174?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=14&px=2

Job description
We can give below Job description for SAP CPI 11 years experience
Good experience with Integration Suite components Process Integration, Data Integration, SAP API Business Hub
Experience in developing inbound and outbound interfaces to/from the cloud to On Premise and Cloud instances of SAP ( like CPQ to C4C systems, etc) Experience in configuration and extension of standard iFlows
Experience in defining custom iFlows, local & exception sub processes, exception handling Expertise in handling various integration adapters in SAP CPI (SFSF, ODATA, SFTP, IDOC, SOAP, HTTP, Process Direct, REST Adapters) to exchange messages between sender and receiver
 Knowledge on developing value mapping and Groovy scripts using it in iFlow
 Experience in handling different data conversions like JSON to XML, CSV to XML, etc
Experience in using various CPI pallet options (integration patterns message transformations, enricher, splitter, etc) SAP BTP
Experience in handling security artifacts, encryption, and decryption mechanisms and SSH keys Debugging skills Monitoring CPI tasks Migration of iFlows from SAP NEO platform to Cloud Platform (hyperscaler)

29)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-exide-kolkata-10-to-12-years-130624013253?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=19&px=2
Job description
Qualification: B. Tech. in Electrical Engineering / Instrumentation.


Experience: Minimum 10 to 12 years of relevant experience


Role & responsibilities

BOQ preparation and knowledge of SAP for PR, GRN etc.
Negotiation with Vendors
Electrical IS codes and rules
Experience of Handling start-to-end Automation / Robotic installation
All Automation / Robotic and Electrical Capex procurements for Projects at all locations

Preferred candidate profile

Knowledge of Industrial Automation, PLC programming, Robotics, Robot programming, Industrial IOT.
Must have experience of work on creating robots that can perform tasks in various industries, including manufacturing, healthcare, logistics, and entertainment.
This role requires a combination of skills in mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, computer science, and control systems.
Knoweldge of Robotic programming like C++, Python, ROS. Should also have knowledge on Robotic Hardware and control systems
Lead or participate in project teams to develop robotic solutions


30)
link = https://www.naukri.com/job-listings-project-manager-iris-solutions-noida-7-to-12-years-110624502530?src=seo_srp&sid=17191975862967140_1&xp=20&px=2
Job description
Collaborate with Agile and Waterfall teams to gather, analyze, and document project requirements and outcomes.
Create and maintain comprehensive project artifacts, including Business Requirement Documents (BRDs) and Functional Requirement Documents (FRDs).
Dive deep into project details to ensure clarity and completeness of documentation.
Required Skills and Experience:
Proven experience in Agile and Waterfall project environments with Jira exp .
Exceptional communication skills, capable of effectively conveying information to stakeholders at all levels.
A background in programming , with a proven track record of analytical thinking and problem-solving.
Additional Qualifications:
Experience with SDLC processes and methodologies.
Ability to work independently and in team settings.
Strong organizational skills and attention to detail.
Mandatory Competencies
Tech - Project and Program Management
Tech - Project Quality Management
Tech - SDLC Process and Tools
Beh - Communication and collaboration
FS Domain - Capital Market
FS Domain - FS Domain


