JD-1
Modelers are responsible for helping to make a film more dynamic, adding personality and emotion to its characters, and building on the overall realism of the story (even if done so stylistically). 

Not only must a model look good, it must be highly functional and have the ability to work with downstream departments and their tools. This could be as simple as optimizing geo so it doesn’t make an artist’s scene heavy but can become much more complex depending on how it’s used. For example, modelers often have to work with the FX department to ensure models are made in a suitable way to be manipulated, such as building destruction where all components need to be water-tight (i.e. no holes or gaps between the modular pieces that make up the complete model).

Role & responsibilities of a 3D modeler in the film industry:

Producing high-quality organic and hard surface CG models in line with brief and/or reference material 
Interpret abstract ideas into the creation of compelling photo-real or stylized 3D assets
Presenting work in a turntable style environment with acceptable lighting for progress reviews and approval (including scale reference)
Ensuring consistency of UV mapping and polygonal subdivisions 
Facilitate the creation of high-quality photo-real texture maps
Create “hold out” geo, or Match-Move geo, which is not necessarily seen in the final render but are used by downstream departments, such as Lighting and FX, to be able to generate more realistic outcomes.

JD-2
Understand situations to identify complexities and visualize for transfer of information into the 3D database
Decide on appropriate tools, softwares and applications required for Modelling
Update 3D mapping database using various tools as per defined processes
Work on 2D projects to digitize 2D mapping database as per business need
Perform quality checks on data input to test validity of data with the assistance of experienced Modelers
Captures Designer’s intent utilizing sketches, scans, product definitions and various inputs from R&D and engineering teams
Produces high quality final 3D data for performance products with consideration to fit, function, quality and testing requirements
Ensures tooling, manufacturing and assembly are other inputs are considered while capturing the designers concept
Works in close collaboration with creative designers, directors, CAD modelers, design engineering and R&D
Produces multiple iterations and rapid prototypes, while maintaining project deadlines

JD-3
Leads team of 3D Modelers and provides technical and artistic guidance in the design and development of complex 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications for our clients
Manages workflow/traffic for department projects and oversees reporting tools/mechanisms
Uses various types of graphics software, technical and artistic skills to develop and produce accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for quality work and determines schedule for work assignments
Develops and maintains visual standards for 3D models
Leads, develops and produces accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications
Determines style, technique, and medium best suited to produce desired effects and conform to production requirements, or follows specific instructions regarding these variables
Follows assigned projects through from client meeting to design and production
Assists and advises customers on the use of production techniques
Trains others in using software applications
Provides work leadership and direction to less experienced 3D Modelers

JD-4
Formulates concept and renders illustration and detail from photos, models, CAD drawings, blueprints, sketches, memory, written or verbal instructions, and imagination
Interacts with customers to determine needs and follows assigned projects through from client meeting to design and production
Ensures quality work and determines schedule for work assignments
May collaborate with project teams to plan, analyze, organize and execute assigned projects
Supports the complex software engineering or visual database development programs of SE CORE through the creation of 3D models, surfaces, and /or skins n a digital frame
Modelers also create character skeletons, which animators then control
Uses various types of graphics software, technical and artistic skills to develop and produce accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications for our clients
Utilizes advanced 3D modeling, texturing, animation, lighting, and rigging skills for high-end virtual environments
Ability to model and texture 3D elements efficiently for both low and high poly applications
Keeps abreast of current trends and technologies in graphics design and modeling software

JD-5
Closely follow art and design concepts and respond well to change
Integrate environment art assets into the game
Support the Art Team in maintaining overall vision for the game
Create 3D models of systems to support design initiatives by working with Engineering and Data Capture Teams
Work with other modellers, CAD Specialists and Designers to build/manage model databases, templates and standard procedures
Perform quality checks on modelling efforts of others to ensure tools to support upstream engineering or downstream project management
Under general supervision, uses various types of graphics software, technical and artistic skills to develop and produce accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications for our clients
Interacts with customers to determine needs and ensures satisfaction with the delivered product
Develops and produces accurate 3D models, lifeforms and renderings for computer simulation applications
Uses a variety of software applications to create, update or maintain technical 3D models, lifeforms, animations, and special effects

JD-6
Key Skills
Product Modeling,3D Animation,3D Modeling,Fine Arts
Visual Communication,Visual Arts,Blender,Maya,Substance Painter,Photoshop3Ds 

JD-7
Faculty / Sr. Faculty - 3D Modeling / Texturing / Lighting Faculty / Sr. Faculty - 3D Modeling / Texturing / Lighting Chennai / Bangalore / Hyderabad / Kerala A minimum of 0 - 5 years of experience teaching Experience (or) Industrial Experience Skills and Specifications
Having experience as a 3D Modeling/ Texturing / Lighting
Good knowledge in texturing, uv unwrapping and 3D modeling in MAYA
Familiarity with 3D Maya (Character Modeling / texturing / Lighting), Photoshop, preferred.
Having good communication in English
Interested candidates can mail their resumes along with their blog link / You tube Link

JD-8
-Create high-quality exterior views of real estate projects using 3D Studio Max/Sketchup/Blender with AutoCad.
- Scene setups by following mood boards and applying textures and lighting to scenes before taking out final renders/animation.

Required Candidate profile
3D Diploma/ Degree.
Understanding of color theory, material handling, & proportions.
You are apt at creating residential, commercial, and retail exteriors/interiors.
Knowledge of Photoshop and AutoCad
3D Modeler
Sketchup,3D Model,Blender,AutoCAD ,3D,3D Modeling,3Ds Max

JD-9
3D Modeler/ 3D Artist
Software Known : 3DsMax , Photoshop
Experience : 0-3 years
Qualification : Any degree/ certification in Animation
- Have to model and texture objects using 3DS Max and Photoshop.
- Model and Texture Object like vehicles, props, people, building, etc
- Accurately model and texture objects based on real life photo references
- Knowledge of 3DsMax Software is must.

JD-10
Experience : 0-3 years
Software Known : 3DsMax ,Photoshop
Qualification : Any degree/ certification in Animation
-Have to model and texture objects using 3DS Max and Photoshop.
-Model and Texture Object like vehicles, props, people, building,etc
-Accurately model and texture objects based on real life photo references
-Knowledge of 3DsMax Software is must.

JD-11
We are looking for 3D Visualizer / Animator with 2 - 8 years of experience in 3D modeling ,Lighting, Texturing, walkthroughs, post production etc
Software knowledge - 3DS Max with Vray, Photoshop,After effects.

JD-12
Roles and Responsibilities
❖ Modelling skills in Zbrush/ Autodesk Maya. Ability to create excellent neat and clean low poly 3D models in real-world size and with a proper snapping of vertex, logical naming, grouping, and excellent topology in Autodesk Maya, Zbrush.
❖ Cleaning up the mesh and texture of raw 3D scans using Zbrush/ Mudbox.
❖ Retopology of the clean 3D scans.
❖ Create High and Mid poly 3d models: Ability to create the LOD (Level of detail) of the same model as per prescribed poly budget.
❖ Follow design references and work in a range of styles: Must have an eye to capture the details from the provided references, and create the 3d models accordingly. Create alternate visual styles in accordance with the client’s vision and needs.
Software Needed: Modelling/Sculpting - Autodesk Maya/MAX/Zbrush.
Experience required : 1 + years experience in 3D Product Modeling

JD-13
Job description
Roles and Responsibilities
Candidate would be responsible for designing 3D images for ongoing projects and 3D interior-exterior, Modeling, Architectural work.
Must have proficiency in related tools
Also, experience in producing Exhibitions booth stall models.
Temporary travel to Europe and permanent option can be discussed.

JD-14
We are looking for a 3D artist who is highly driven, self-directed, and passionate to join our team in Ranchi, India. The ideal applicant will be well-versed in 3D, with a solid background in 3D modelling, lighting, UV wrapping, rendering, and the ability to create photo-realistic assets of real-world things. This role necessitates inherent design skills, digital competence, and keen attention to detail.
Key Responsibilities
The candidate will create model, paint 3D assets and materials for use in web-based, real-time applications
Maintain consistently high standards for accuracy, aesthetics, and productivity
Continuously improve workflows and processes
Basic Qualifications
Must demonstrate an understanding of technical art production and end-to-end modeling, UV unwrapping, texturing, and rendering
Fast turnaround on both hard-surface and organic modeling is a must
Must be very well versed in 3D domain and its related Software. Preferably MAYA, Zbrush, and Substance Painter.

JD-15
Key Skills Proficiency in the use of 3D Modelling tools including Unity Unreal Autodesk Maya Max Blender 3D Lighting and UV Unwrapping Substance Suite Photoshop
Qualification Any Graduation
Salary (Per Annum) 5 to 9 Laks
Work Experience 1- 3 Years
Job Requirement
Proficiency in the use of 3D Modelling tools including Unity Unreal Autodesk Maya Max Blender 3D Lighting and UV Unwrapping Substance Suite Photoshop

JD-16
andidate Profile / Skills required:
Excellent knowledge on Maya Modeling, Photoshop, UV layout & Lighting, Rigging and Animation
Must possess excellent oral communication skills and presentation skills
Should have a flair for teaching
Excellent subject knowledge
Role Description:
Handling classroom sessions
Monitoring & improving performance
Solving queries
Developing content
Experience:
Candidate should have work experience of 2+ years in a production studio and 2+ years as faculty with a well-established training academy.

JD-17
Job Description:

We Are seeking a skilled and creative 3D Modeling, Interior Design, and Texturing Artist to join our team. As a part of our team, you will be responsible for creating high-quality 3D models, interior designs, and textures for various projects.
Responsibilities:
Create detailed and realistic 3D models of objects, environments, and architectural spaces based on project requirements.
Develop interior design concepts and layouts for residential, commercial, and institutional spaces.
Apply textures, materials, and lighting to enhance the realism and visual appeal of 3D models and interior designs.
Collaborate with project managers, architects, and designers to understand project goals and requirements.
Participate in brainstorming sessions and contribute innovative ideas for improving visual quality and workflow efficiency.
Ensure that all deliverables meet project deadlines and quality standards.
Stay updated with industry trends, software tools, and techniques related to 3D modeling, interior design, and texturing.
Qualifications:
Minimum 12th
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in 3D modeling, interior design or related field. Will be preferred.
Proven 3 years experience and proficiency in 3D modeling software such as Autodesk Maya, Blender, 3ds Max, etc.
Strong understanding of interior design principles, color theory, and spatial planning.
Excellent texturing skills using software like Substance Painter, Adobe Photoshop, etc.
Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and communicate effectively with stakeholders.
Portfolio showcasing previous work in 3D modeling, interior design, and texturing is required.

JD-18
2+ years of industry experience
Experienced with 3D modeling programs such as Blender & Unity creative and technical abilities
Knowledge of PBR texture workflow
Ability to take projects from concept to final product
Good communication skills and the ability to work well in a team environment
Ability to mentor and guide more junior resources
Strong attention to detail and prioritization
Strong understanding of low-poly modeling and texturing
Experience with using Substance Painter
Experience with sculpting tools such as ZBrush or Mudbox
Experience with Vray
Experience with real-time engines like Unity or Unreal

JD-19
Create visually stunning and realistic 3D models, textures, and animations for various projects, including video games, films, architectural visualizations, and product renderings.
Utilize industry-standard software such as 3ds Max, Maya, ZBrush, Substance Painter, and Marvellous Designer to design and sculpt 3D assets.
Collaborate with the art team and other departments to conceptualize and bring ideas to life, ensuring alignment with project requirements and artistic vision.
Texture and UV map 3D models, ensuring they are optimized for real-time rendering engines and maintaining a high level of detail.
Rig and animate characters, objects, and environments, breathing life into static assets.
Work with different lighting techniques to create compelling visual compositions and ambiance for scenes.
Employ KeyShot for high-quality rendering and presentation of 3D assets.
Edit and enhance textures and images using software like Photoshop and Illustrator, ensuring the highest level of visual fidelity.
Create and integrate VFX elements into 3D scenes, enhancing the overall quality and realism of the final output.
Perform basic video editing and post-production using Premiere Pro, integrating 3D elements into videos and ensuring a cohesive end product.
Stay up-to-date with the latest industry trends, tools, and techniques, continuously improving skills and applying them to projects.
Adhere to project deadlines and maintain a high level of attention to detail throughout all stages of production.

JD-20
Responsibilities:

Design, model, integrate, and animate 3D assets, characters, and props for AR experiences.
Provide creative ideas for AR-related projects as well as innovative ways of implementing new technologies.
Work within guidelines to create optimized AR experiences.
Continuously develop skills to remain at the state-of-the-art in AR technology.
Collaborate with other engineers, designers, user researchers, and team members to push the boundaries of immersive storytelling.
Assist in onboarding and mentoring team members.
Key Qualifications:

Experience designing, building, and shipping content with 5+ years of experience.
Proficiency with 3D modeling and asset creation packages such as Maya, ZBrush, Blender, etc., for both mobile and high-end specifications.
Real-time 3D asset development, rendering, simulation, physics, and effects.
Experience with one or more game engines (e.g., Unreal, Unity) and production pipelines.
Outstanding portfolio demonstrating high-end renders of 3D assets.
Strong understanding of composition, visual storytelling, trends, and best practices.
Collaborative mindset.
Preferred Qualifications:

Experience in the game or film industry.
Proficiency in Adobe Creative Suite, including After Effects, Photoshop, Illustrator.
Knowledge of digital marketing and social media trends.

JD-21
Responsibilities
Create high-quality characters, graphics, effects, and animations in 3D
Compile references, visual and technical style guides
Implement concept artworks and creative ideas
Work closely with the Art Director, Animators and the Design Team
Create a variety of models from photo and scanned reference.
Required Skills:
Minimum 2-5 years work experience as a 3D artist in a gaming studio preferably.
Experienced in 3D Character Modeling, Texturing with a fair knowledge of Lighting
Good understanding of 3Ds Max, Maya, Zbrush, Substance Painter, Photoshop and other
softwares
Good communication skills and drive to build world class art
Friendly, helpful, and collaborative in a team based environment.

JD-22
Keywords: Modeling, unwrapping, texturing, autodesk maya, 3d maya, 3dsmax

Software skills

Autodesk Maya, 3DSMAX
Photoshop
Substance painter, Blender (would be a plus)

Job Description & Responsibilities and Duties

Work with script writer to understand the story lines and actions and settings
necessary to implement the plot.
Create character models from scratch which will respond to technical and aesthetic standards for the project
Create texture maps (Diffuse, Normal, Specular, AO)
Conceptualise and create high-quality environment and props for scene development as per project needs
Suggest/Setup workflows and pipelines for asset creation
Identify and optimize bottlenecks and automation possibilities
Maintain a good team dynamics
Ability to efficiently multitask on various projects
To cooperate with production staff to deliver work in deadlines
To be a problem solver and be organized as per checklist generated per project.
To coordinate with different teams to give the finished product.
To attend project team meetings.

Required Experience and Qualifications

Artistic and creative sense
Good understanding of human anatomy
Experience in Organic/Inorganic Sculpting and modeling
Preferred candidates with prior experience in Character modeling & texturing
Graduate degree/Diploma in 3D animation, Education with BFA (Bachelor of Fine Arts) preferred
Minimum 1 year working experience as Modeling /Texturing Artist.
Good to have
Other skills like rigging, knowledge of lighting, or rendering

JD-23

Role Mission:

Support clients in the EdTech space by creating captivating and interactive 3D models for an education app.
Collaborate closely with the development team to ensure visually pleasing and effective learning experiences.
Deliverables:

Design and create high-quality 3D models, textures, and animations optimized for real-time rendering in Unity.
Collaborate with the development team to understand project requirements and translate them into visually engaging 3D assets.
Iterate on designs based on stakeholder feedback to align with project goals and user experience objectives.
Optimize 3D models for performance on the Apple Vision Pro platform while maintaining visual fidelity.
Stay updated on industry trends and best practices in 3D modeling, animation, and game development for continuous improvement.
Assist in troubleshooting and resolving technical issues related to 3D assets during development and testing phases.
Work closely with team members to ensure cohesive integration of 3D assets into the application.
About You:

Proven experience as a 3D Modeler with a strong portfolio showcasing high-quality 3D models and animations.
Proficiency in Unity and Swift development environments, with experience integrating 3D assets into mobile applications.
Familiarity with Apple's ARKit framework and Swift programming language.
Experience with version control systems such as Git.
Proficiency in texturing and shading techniques, including UV mapping and material creation.
Solid understanding of rigging and animation principles for dynamic character animations.
Familiarity with agile development methodologies.

JD-24
3D Designer/3D Modeler

Strong 3D Modeling skills.
Experience in 3D Assets Design and Development.
Highly talented and creative with solid skills in texturing and lighting.
Must have strong and proven experience in creating exceptional and high-quality 3D models for Games and XR projects.
Must have experience with 3D Maya/ 3ds Max, and Adobe Photoshop, Substance Painter.
Production of 3D conceptual renderings/ possibly short animations, realistic 3D fly-through animations and rendered stills.
After Effects animation, motion graphics and compositing experience.

JD-25
Proficiency in 3D modeling software like Maya, 3ds Max, or Blender.
Capable of producing high-quality 3D models for various media such as video games and films.
Strong grasp of anatomy, form, and proportion.
Experience in texturing and UV mapping.
Knowledgeable about rigging and animation principles.
Ability to collaborate effectively with other artists and designers.
Strong problem-solving skills, especially in troubleshooting technical issues.
Attention to detail and commitment to meeting project deadlines.
Familiarity with game engines like Unity or Unreal Engine.
Willingness to learn and adapt to new technologies and techniques.

JD-26

Experience : 2-3 Years

Roles and Responsibilities:
• Candidate should be well versed with the following software (3ds Max, Maya, Photoshop, CorelDraw, ZBrush and Blender)
• Have a basic knowledge of Unity3d/ Unreal Engine (AR/VR/MR) must.
• Good experience in product modeling, character modeling, unwrapping, texturing, rigging and character animation.
• Can animate creatures, props, vehicles, weapons, objects, machines, etc.
• Can create models with images and details given by clients.
• Recreating real-world environments and layouts.
• Work with Artists, Designers and Teammates to develop life-like products and character animations.
• Should be able to create 3D assets for his assigned project.
• With the knowledge of various formats and related software to produce animation for AR/VR.
• Should have knowledge of various useful plug-ins/ scripts for creating particle and fluid effects.
• Should have good knowledge of Lighting and Rendering.
• Should be able to adapt to tight timelines and deadlines if needed.
• Have a good skill of Low Poly and High Poly modeling.
• Basic Knowledge of Substance Painter preferred.
• Specialized experience in Walkthrough and animation may be an added advantage
• Work with Lead Animators to develop the look and feel of a realistic environment.

JD-27
Skills Required:
• Camera movements, cinematic trail and root motion animation using Unity Animation, Blender, Unreal Engine and/or Cinema4d.
• The artist should have good knowledge of shaders used in Blender and/or Unity.
• He/She should be familiar with PBR workflow.
• In-depth knowledge of blender node/graph editor.
• Substance Painter, Mari, Adobe Photoshop or similar software knowledge is a must for texturing.
• Familiarity with the particle system and VFX in Blender is a plus.
• Experience with rigging/skinning is a plus
• 3D Model rendering is a plus.
• Tools: Blender, Unity, Unreal, Cinema4D, 3DSMax, Maya.

What you get:
• Pioneering R&D projects with decision-making authority.
• Passionate, curious and motivated colleagues.
• Task-driven rather than time-driven environment.
• Coaching, mentoring & upskilling.
• Opportunity to shape the Metaverse!

JD-28
Software Skills:

Proficiency in Autodesk Maya and 3DSMAX.
Knowledge of Photoshop.
Familiarity with Substance Painter and Blender (a plus).
Job Description & Responsibilities:

Collaborate with script writers to understand storyline and scene requirements.
Create character models adhering to technical and aesthetic standards.
Generate texture maps (Diffuse, Normal, Specular, AO).
Conceptualize and craft high-quality environments and props.
Propose and establish workflows and pipelines for asset creation.
Identify and optimize production bottlenecks, seek automation possibilities.
Maintain positive team dynamics and multitask efficiently.
Cooperate with production staff to meet project deadlines.
Solve problems and maintain organization using project checklists.
Coordinate with various teams for project delivery.
Attend project team meetings.
Required Experience and Qualifications:

Artistic and creative flair.
Strong grasp of human anatomy.
Experience in both organic and inorganic sculpting and modeling.
Preference for candidates experienced in character modeling and texturing.
Minimum 1 year of experience as a Modeling/Texturing Artist.
Bachelor of Fine Arts (BFA) or equivalent education preferred.
Good to Have:

Additional skills in rigging, lighting, or rendering.

JD-29
3D Designer/3D Modeler
• Strong 3D Modeling skills.
• Experience in 3D Assets Design and Development.
• Highly talented and creative with solid skills in texturing and lighting.
• Must have strong and proven experience in creating exceptional and high-quality 3D models for Games and XR projects.
• Must have experience with 3D Maya/ 3ds Max, and Adobe Photoshop, Substance Painter.
• Production of 3D conceptual renderings/ possibly short animations, realistic 3D fly-through animations and rendered stills.
• After Effects animation, motion graphics and compositing experience.

JD-30
Candidate should have minimum 2-3 yrs experience.

This is "Work from Office" position for our Ahmedabad office.

Applicant must have below qualities:
• Minimum 2-3 yrs experience in Revit MEP,
• Good hands on software like Revit, AutoCAD and Navis
• BIMTrack, Revitzo, Sketchup and other 3D software knowledge would be an advantage.
• Advanced PC Skills - i.e. MS Applications
• Strong Interpersonal skill, team player
• Technical problem solving abilities
• Leadership skill & enjoying working with fast paced environment

JOB Responsibility
• Study BEP for project implementations.
• Take care of Electrical Modelling part inclusive of Cable tray, Lighting, Small power & Schematics.
• Coordinate electrical services with other discipline such as Mechanical, Plumbing, Fire, Architecture and Structure through Navisworks, Revizto and Revit Interference.
• Export, federate, perform clash detection and provide visual walkthroughs of models
• Review, monitor and report on the development of clash interference and fully coordinated models
• Create shop drawing (IFC, As Built and Trimble) of Electrical Services up to LOD 500.
• Prepare models and reports for value engineering and constructability analysis
• Prepared Asset Data register as per Client requirement.
• Prepare As Built drawings & Package submission for final approval

